docs: add weekly smoke test cases and prerequisites (#772)
dashpay/dash-evo-tool: docs/test-cases.md

All mnemonic and address placeholders (e.g., `${BANK_MNEMONIC}`, `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}`) refer to values defined in `~/.secrets/det-qa-mnemonics.env`.

---

## Test Case Format

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Use Case ID** | Reference to user stories (e.g., WAL-001) |
| **Test Case ID** | Unique test identifier (e.g., TC-WAL-001-01) |
| **Short Description** | What the test verifies |
| **Pre-Conditions** | State required before test execution |
| **Test Steps** | Numbered steps to execute |
| **Test Data** | Specific inputs or values used |
| **Expected Result** | Observable outcome on success |
| **Post-Condition** | State after test completes; cleanup actions |

---

## Session Setup

Perform these steps before running any test cases. If running TC-NET-010-01 (onboarding), do that first, then continue from step 1 below.

### 1. Configure SPV Mode

1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.
2. Check the **"Expert mode"** checkbox and click **"Save"**.
3. Under the now-visible **Core backend mode**, select **"SPV Client"**.
4. Click **"Save"**.
5. Wait for the connection status indicator (top bar) to turn green.

> 

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=34413c557183 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Session Setup uses UI labels that don't exist ("Expert mode", "Core backend mode", a Save step)**

Steps 2–4 tell testers to check an "Expert mode" checkbox and click "Save", then pick "SPV Client" under "Core backend mode" and click "Save" again. None of those labels exist in the current build:

- The checkbox is **"Developer mode"** (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936`), not "Expert mode".
- The selector is labeled **"Connection Type:"** (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:219`), not "Core backend mode". Options are "SPV Client" / "Dash Core RPC".
- The selector lives on the **Network Chooser** screen under a "Connection Settings" section, not in Settings.
- There is no "Save" step for the backend mode — `set_core_backend_mode` is called immediately on `selectable_value` change (`network_chooser_screen.rs:244`, `:257`). The "Save" button on the screen (line 397) only persists RPC settings.

This also directly contradicts `docs/test-prerequisites.md:96-113`, which already documents the correct "Developer mode" / "Connection Type" wording. Because this is the gate for the entire run, testers will be stuck before any test case begins.

<sub>source: ['claude', 'codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 32-39: Session Setup uses UI labels that don't exist ("Expert mode", "Core backend mode", a Save step)
  Steps 2–4 tell testers to check an "Expert mode" checkbox and click "Save", then pick "SPV Client" under "Core backend mode" and click "Save" again. None of those labels exist in the current build:

- The checkbox is **"Developer mode"** (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936`), not "Expert mode".
- The selector is labeled **"Connection Type:"** (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:219`), not "Core backend mode". Options are "SPV Client" / "Dash Core RPC".
- The selector lives on the **Network Chooser** screen under a "Connection Settings" section, not in Settings.
- There is no "Save" step for the backend mode — `set_core_backend_mode` is called immediately on `selectable_value` change (`network_chooser_screen.rs:244`, `:257`). The "Save" button on the screen (line 397) only persists RPC settings.

This also directly contradicts `docs/test-prerequisites.md:96-113`, which already documents the correct "Developer mode" / "Connection Type" wording. Because this is the gate for the entire run, testers will be stuck before any test case begins.
```
</details>

### 2. Import the Bank Wallet

> 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=029a37324450 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: UI label mismatch: 'Expert mode' should be 'Developer mode'**

test-cases.md still uses 'Expert mode' and 'Core backend mode' labels that were corrected to 'Developer mode' and 'Connection Type' in test-prerequisites.md but not propagated back.

<sub>source: ['claude-general']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 40-42: UI label mismatch: 'Expert mode' should be 'Developer mode'
  test-cases.md still uses 'Expert mode' and 'Core backend mode' labels that were corrected to 'Developer mode' and 'Connection Type' in test-prerequisites.md but not propagated back.
```
</details>

4. In **"Name:"**, type `Send Test`.
5. Leave **"Optional Password:"** empty.
6. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

### 4. Import the Identity-Test Wallet

1. On the **"Wallets"** screen, click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).
2. Choose **"Seed Phrase (HD Wallet)"**, select the correct length.
3. Enter each word of `${TC_IDN_MNEMONIC}` into the numbered fields.
4. In **"Name:"**, type `Identity Test`.
5. Leave **"Optional Password:"** empty.
6. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

### 5. Fund Test Wallets from Bank

1. Select the **Bank** wallet on the **"Wallets"** screen.
2. If the wallet shows **"Unlock"** instead of **"Lock"**, click **"Unlock"**, enter `${BANK_PASSWORD}` in the popup, and click **"Unlock"**.
3. Click **"Send"**.
4. In the **"To:"** field (hint: *"Enter Dash address"*), enter `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}`.
5. In the **"Amount:"** field (hint: *"0.00"*), enter `1`.
6. The **"Fee:"** label displays the estimated fee.
7. A **"Fee Confirmation Required"** dialog appears — confirm the transaction.
8. Wait for the transaction to appear in the **"Transactions"** section.
9. Click **"Send"** again.
10. In **"To:"**, enter `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`.
11. In **"Amount:"**, enter `3`.

> 12. Confirm in the **"Fee Confirmation Required"** dialog.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=c9c1a95bcc91 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Send flows skip the in-form "Send" click that opens the fee confirmation dialog**

In Session Setup steps 4–8, TC-SND-005-01 steps 4–7, TC-SND-001-01 steps 5–8, and Session Cleanup, the instructions go straight from filling "To:"/"Amount:" to "A 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog appears". The dialog is only triggered by clicking the in-form `Send` button in `render_send_button()` (`src/ui/wallets/single_key_send_screen.rs:812-853`), which calls `validate_and_send`. Without that explicit click, the tester remains on the compose form and never reaches the dialog. Add an explicit "Click Send (in the form)" step before each "Fee Confirmation Required" line.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 72-83: Send flows skip the in-form "Send" click that opens the fee confirmation dialog
  In Session Setup steps 4–8, TC-SND-005-01 steps 4–7, TC-SND-001-01 steps 5–8, and Session Cleanup, the instructions go straight from filling "To:"/"Amount:" to "A 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog appears". The dialog is only triggered by clicking the in-form `Send` button in `render_send_button()` (`src/ui/wallets/single_key_send_screen.rs:812-853`), which calls `validate_and_send`. Without that explicit click, the tester remains on the compose form and never reaches the dialog. Add an explicit "Click Send (in the form)" step before each "Fee Confirmation Required" line.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | Set theme to preferred value and click **"Save"**. |

### TC-NET-005-01: Toggle Expert mode

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-005 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-005-01 |
| **Short Description** | Enable and disable Expert mode |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate the **"Expert mode"** checkbox.<br>3. If unchecked, check **"Expert mode"** and click **"Save"**.<br>4. Verify the **Core backend mode** selector appears (shows **"SPV Client"** or **"Dash Core RPC"**).<br>5. Navigate to **"Wallets"** — verify additional developer elements appear (e.g., address tables, refresh controls).<br>6. Return to **"Settings"**.<br>7. Uncheck **"Expert mode"** and click **"Save"**.<br>8. Verify the **Core backend mode** selector disappears.<br>9. Navigate to **"Wallets"** — verify developer elements are hidden. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Checking **"Expert mode"** reveals advanced controls (backend mode selector, address tables). Unchecking hides them. |

> | **Post-Condition** | Re-enable **"Expert mode"** and click **"Save"** (required for SPV backend selection). |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=3538cf6eb1ed -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-NET-005-01 references "Expert mode" and "Core backend mode" — neither label exists**

The case title, description, expected result, and steps 2/3/7 all reference an "Expert mode" checkbox; the actual label rendered by `StyledCheckbox::new(&mut self.developer_mode, "Developer mode")` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936`) is "Developer mode". Step 4 expects a "Core backend mode" selector to appear, but the actual label is "Connection Type:" (line 219). Rename throughout to match the UI and align with the wording already used in `test-prerequisites.md:96-113`.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 131-142: TC-NET-005-01 references "Expert mode" and "Core backend mode" — neither label exists
  The case title, description, expected result, and steps 2/3/7 all reference an "Expert mode" checkbox; the actual label rendered by `StyledCheckbox::new(&mut self.developer_mode, "Developer mode")` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936`) is "Developer mode". Step 4 expects a "Core backend mode" selector to appear, but the actual label is "Connection Type:" (line 219). Rename throughout to match the UI and align with the wording already used in `test-prerequisites.md:96-113`.
```
</details>

| **Expected Result** | Transaction broadcasts. Sender balance decreases. Receiver shows the incoming transaction. |
| **Post-Condition** | 0.1 tDASH transferred from **Send Test** to **Bank**. |

---

## Asset Locks (ALK)

### TC-ALK-001-01: Create an asset lock

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | ALK-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-ALK-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create an asset lock from the Identity Test wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Identity Test** wallet selected with >= 2 tDASH |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Identity Test** wallet.<br>3. Navigate to asset lock creation (via the identity registration flow or wallet tools).<br>4. Enter amount: `0.5` tDASH.<br>5. Review the fee calculation.<br>6. Confirm and create the asset lock.<br>7. Wait for the asset lock transaction to confirm. |
| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.5` tDASH |
| **Expected Result** | Asset lock created. Transaction ID is shown. **"Core balance:"** decreases by ~0.5 tDASH + fee. |
| **Post-Condition** | Asset lock available for identity registration in TC-IDN-001-01. |

> 

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=e2193c3d7739 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-ALK-001-01 step 3 is too vague — "navigate via the identity registration flow or wallet tools"**

Step 3 reads "Navigate to asset lock creation (via the identity registration flow or wallet tools)." Every other step in this PR names the exact sidebar item, button, and dialog labels (e.g., TC-WAL-002-01, TC-DPY-001-01). This step asks the tester to guess between two paths, so two testers will execute the same case differently — defeating the smoke-test spec. Spell out the exact sidebar item, button labels, and dialog title for the asset-lock creation entry point used by the identity registration flow.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 325-337: TC-ALK-001-01 step 3 is too vague — "navigate via the identity registration flow or wallet tools"
  Step 3 reads "Navigate to asset lock creation (via the identity registration flow or wallet tools)." Every other step in this PR names the exact sidebar item, button, and dialog labels (e.g., TC-WAL-002-01, TC-DPY-001-01). This step asks the tester to guess between two paths, so two testers will execute the same case differently — defeating the smoke-test spec. Spell out the exact sidebar item, button labels, and dialog title for the asset-lock creation entry point used by the identity registration flow.
```
</details>

---

## Identity Operations (IDN)

### TC-IDN-001-01: Register a new identity

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Register a new identity funded by asset lock |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Identity Test** wallet selected; asset lock from TC-ALK-001-01 is confirmed |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Navigate to identity creation (breadcrumb: **Identities > Create Identity**).<br>3. Select the **Identity Test** wallet as the funding source.<br>4. Follow the multi-stage confirmation flow.<br>5. Wait for the identity to be registered on Platform.<br>6. Verify the new identity appears in the identities list with an identity ID (hex string). |
| **Test Data** | Funding: asset lock from TC-ALK-001-01 |
| **Expected Result** | Identity registered. Identity ID displayed. Credits balance > 0. |

> | **Post-Condition** | New identity available for DPNS, DashPay, and token tests. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=642ae4d2d276 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-001-01 navigation/steps are too generic for a smoke-test spec**

Steps 2 and 4 read "Navigate to identity creation (breadcrumb: Identities > Create Identity)" and "Follow the multi-stage confirmation flow." Compared with TC-WAL-002-01 or TC-DPY-001-01, this case provides almost no guidance for the multi-step identity registration flow (asset-lock selection, key generation, registration confirmation). Either expand into named steps/buttons, or list the intermediate UI states (e.g., asset-lock selection screen, key-generation summary, registration confirmation) the tester must verify, so two testers produce comparable results.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 342-353: TC-IDN-001-01 navigation/steps are too generic for a smoke-test spec
  Steps 2 and 4 read "Navigate to identity creation (breadcrumb: Identities > Create Identity)" and "Follow the multi-stage confirmation flow." Compared with TC-WAL-002-01 or TC-DPY-001-01, this case provides almost no guidance for the multi-step identity registration flow (asset-lock selection, key generation, registration confirmation). Either expand into named steps/buttons, or list the intermediate UI states (e.g., asset-lock selection screen, key-generation summary, registration confirmation) the tester must verify, so two testers produce comparable results.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Keyword: `test` |
| **Expected Result** | Search executes without error. Results or empty-state message displayed. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-TOK-003-01: Add a token by contract ID

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | TOK-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-TOK-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | Add a token using a contract or token ID |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, a known token contract ID available |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tokens"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click the **"Add Token"** button.<br>3. Verify the heading reads **"Add Token"**.<br>4. In the input field (*"Enter either a Contract ID or Token ID"*), enter a known testnet token contract ID.<br>5. Confirm the addition.<br>6. Verify the token appears in the **"My Tokens"** tab with its name and balance. |
| **Test Data** | A valid token contract ID from testnet |

> | **Expected Result** | Token added. Appears in the **"My Tokens"** list with name and balance. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=6c815d7f1300 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-TOK-003-01 expects a token to appear in "My Tokens" but the screen is built from owned balances**

The expected result requires the added token to appear in **My Tokens** with a name and balance. The implementation does save the token locally and run `QueryMyTokenBalances` (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/mod.rs:2511-2520`), but `my_tokens()` (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/mod.rs:1472-1502`) is built from `identity_token_balances()` — only tokens the local identities actually hold. If the test identity holds zero of the added token, the screen falls back to the "No Tracked Tokens" empty state (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/my_tokens.rs:226-229`) and the test fails despite add-by-ID working. Either pre-fund a token fixture against the test identity, or change the expected result to verify successful tracking via the Search Tokens / contract list rather than balance visibility.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 504-507: TC-TOK-003-01 expects a token to appear in "My Tokens" but the screen is built from owned balances
  The expected result requires the added token to appear in **My Tokens** with a name and balance. The implementation does save the token locally and run `QueryMyTokenBalances` (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/mod.rs:2511-2520`), but `my_tokens()` (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/mod.rs:1472-1502`) is built from `identity_token_balances()` — only tokens the local identities actually hold. If the test identity holds zero of the added token, the screen falls back to the "No Tracked Tokens" empty state (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/my_tokens.rs:226-229`) and the test fails despite add-by-ID working. Either pre-fund a token fixture against the test identity, or change the expected result to verify successful tracking via the Search Tokens / contract list rather than balance visibility.
```
</details>

Weekly smoke test specification for Dash Evo Tool, covering implemented user stories in SPV mode on testnet.

## Prerequisites

See [test-prerequisites.md](test-prerequisites.md) for environment setup, `.env` configuration, secrets file, and the bank wallet concept.

All mnemonic and address placeholders (e.g., `${BANK_MNEMONIC}`, `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}`) refer to values defined in `~/.secrets/det-qa-mnemonics.env`.

---

## Test Case Format

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Use Case ID** | Reference to user stories (e.g., WAL-001) |
| **Test Case ID** | Unique test identifier (e.g., TC-WAL-001-01) |
| **Short Description** | What the test verifies |
| **Pre-Conditions** | State required before test execution |
| **Test Steps** | Numbered steps to execute |
| **Test Data** | Specific inputs or values used |
| **Expected Result** | Observable outcome on success |
| **Post-Condition** | State after test completes; cleanup actions |

---

## Session Setup

Perform these steps before running any test cases. If running TC-NET-010-01 (onboarding), do that first, then continue from step 1 below.

### 1. Configure SPV Mode

1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.

> 2. Check the **"Developer mode"** checkbox and click **"Save"**.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=ba2439b8fda8 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Developer-mode toggle has no 'Save' button — checkbox click is the action (3 doc locations)**

Multiple test instructions tell the tester to click 'Save' after checking/unchecking the Developer mode checkbox: Session Setup §1 step 2 (this line), TC-NET-005-01 steps 3, 8 and Post-Condition (test-cases.md:141-144), and the Enable Developer Mode prereq step 3 (test-prerequisites.md:99-103). The Developer mode checkbox auto-persists on click: src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936 renders `StyledCheckbox::new(&mut self.developer_mode, "Developer mode")` and lines 942-959 call `enable_developer_mode(...)` and `config.save()` synchronously inside the `.clicked()` branch — there is no follow-up Save button. The only Save button on this screen (line 397) is gated by `network == Regtest && backend_mode == Rpc` and persists only the Local Network Password — it is invisible on Testnet/SPV. A tester following these steps will hunt for a Save button that does not exist and may falsely conclude the toggle did not apply. Remove the 'Save' click from all three locations and verify behavior via the side effects already described (Connection Type selector appears/disappears, developer-only Wallets UI appears/disappears).

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 35: Developer-mode toggle has no 'Save' button — checkbox click is the action (3 doc locations)
  Multiple test instructions tell the tester to click 'Save' after checking/unchecking the Developer mode checkbox: Session Setup §1 step 2 (this line), TC-NET-005-01 steps 3, 8 and Post-Condition (test-cases.md:141-144), and the Enable Developer Mode prereq step 3 (test-prerequisites.md:99-103). The Developer mode checkbox auto-persists on click: src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:936 renders `StyledCheckbox::new(&mut self.developer_mode, "Developer mode")` and lines 942-959 call `enable_developer_mode(...)` and `config.save()` synchronously inside the `.clicked()` branch — there is no follow-up Save button. The only Save button on this screen (line 397) is gated by `network == Regtest && backend_mode == Rpc` and persists only the Local Network Password — it is invisible on Testnet/SPV. A tester following these steps will hunt for a Save button that does not exist and may falsely conclude the toggle did not apply. Remove the 'Save' click from all three locations and verify behavior via the side effects already described (Connection Type selector appears/disappears, developer-only Wallets UI appears/disappears).
```
</details>

3. Open the **Network Chooser** screen (displayed at startup or via the top-bar network selector).
4. In **"Connection Settings"**, open the **"Connection Type"** dropdown and select **"SPV Client"**.
5. Wait for the connection status indicator (top bar) to turn green.

> 

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=04a0df5e6d67 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: Session Setup treats 'Settings' and 'Network Chooser' as separate screens, but they are the same screen**

Step 1 says 'Click "Settings" in the left sidebar', then step 3 says 'Open the Network Chooser screen' as if it is a different destination. The sidebar 'Settings' entry maps to `RootScreenType::RootScreenNetworkChooser` — clicking Settings IS the Network Chooser. Testers will look for a separate navigation path and may skip step 3 or get lost. Reword as 'Stay on the Settings screen (this is the Network Chooser)…' or collapse into one navigation step. TC-NET-005-01 step 4 has the same issue.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 32-39: Session Setup treats 'Settings' and 'Network Chooser' as separate screens, but they are the same screen
  Step 1 says 'Click "Settings" in the left sidebar', then step 3 says 'Open the Network Chooser screen' as if it is a different destination. The sidebar 'Settings' entry maps to `RootScreenType::RootScreenNetworkChooser` — clicking Settings IS the Network Chooser. Testers will look for a separate navigation path and may skip step 3 or get lost. Reword as 'Stay on the Settings screen (this is the Network Chooser)…' or collapse into one navigation step. TC-NET-005-01 step 4 has the same issue.
```
</details>

> 5. Wait for the connection status indicator (top bar) to turn green.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=2d6710792d7e dedupe=23623ba88636be7f -->
**🔴 Blocking: Session Setup §1 never switches the app from the default Mainnet to Testnet**

The suite is documented as 'SPV mode on testnet,' but Session Setup §1 only opens Settings, enables Developer mode, and picks 'SPV Client.' It never touches the separate 'Network:' selector. On a fresh state DET defaults to Mainnet — `Settings::default()` sets `network` to `Network::Dash` (`src/model/settings.rs:104`), and the Connection Type dropdown writes the backend mode for `self.current_network` while the Network selector at `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:315-340` is a separate combobox. As written, QA will enable SPV on Mainnet, not Testnet, and step 5's 'wait for the connection status indicator to turn green' will not succeed with the prereq's placeholder `MAINNET_dapi_addresses=https://mainnet-dapi.example:443`. Add an explicit step under Connection Settings: 'Locate the "Network:" dropdown and select "Testnet"' before selecting SPV Client.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 32-38: Session Setup §1 never switches the app from the default Mainnet to Testnet
  The suite is documented as 'SPV mode on testnet,' but Session Setup §1 only opens Settings, enables Developer mode, and picks 'SPV Client.' It never touches the separate 'Network:' selector. On a fresh state DET defaults to Mainnet — `Settings::default()` sets `network` to `Network::Dash` (`src/model/settings.rs:104`), and the Connection Type dropdown writes the backend mode for `self.current_network` while the Network selector at `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:315-340` is a separate combobox. As written, QA will enable SPV on Mainnet, not Testnet, and step 5's 'wait for the connection status indicator to turn green' will not succeed with the prereq's placeholder `MAINNET_dapi_addresses=https://mainnet-dapi.example:443`. Add an explicit step under Connection Settings: 'Locate the "Network:" dropdown and select "Testnet"' before selecting SPV Client.
```
</details>

> 

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=3239d9ed28f7 dedupe=7f3ee0a07f18937d -->
**🔴 Blocking: Theme, Developer mode, and the Dash-QT controls live inside the collapsed 'Advanced Settings' card — tests don't tell the tester to expand it**

Session Setup §1 step 2, TC-NET-004-01 step 2 (line 128), TC-NET-005-01 step 2 (line 141), and the prereq 'Enable Developer Mode' step 2 (`docs/test-prerequisites.md:112`) all instruct the tester to 'Locate the "Developer mode" checkbox' or 'Locate the "Theme:" selector' immediately after opening Settings. Both controls live inside an 'Advanced Settings' card whose body is built via `CollapsingState::load_with_default_open(ctx, id, false)` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:664-668`) and is explicitly forced closed each time the screen opens by `state.set_open(false)` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:671-673`). The Theme combobox (line 748) and Developer-mode checkbox (line 936) are both inside `state.show_body_unindented(...)` (line 738), invisible until the 'Advanced Settings' header is clicked. Without expanding the section first the tester cannot enable Developer mode, which means the entire Connection Type / SPV gating in Session Setup is unreachable. Insert a step before each control-location step: 'Click the "Advanced Settings" header to expand it.'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 32-39: Theme, Developer mode, and the Dash-QT controls live inside the collapsed 'Advanced Settings' card — tests don't tell the tester to expand it
  Session Setup §1 step 2, TC-NET-004-01 step 2 (line 128), TC-NET-005-01 step 2 (line 141), and the prereq 'Enable Developer Mode' step 2 (`docs/test-prerequisites.md:112`) all instruct the tester to 'Locate the "Developer mode" checkbox' or 'Locate the "Theme:" selector' immediately after opening Settings. Both controls live inside an 'Advanced Settings' card whose body is built via `CollapsingState::load_with_default_open(ctx, id, false)` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:664-668`) and is explicitly forced closed each time the screen opens by `state.set_open(false)` (`src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:671-673`). The Theme combobox (line 748) and Developer-mode checkbox (line 936) are both inside `state.show_body_unindented(...)` (line 738), invisible until the 'Advanced Settings' header is clicked. Without expanding the section first the tester cannot enable Developer mode, which means the entire Connection Type / SPV gating in Session Setup is unreachable. Insert a step before each control-location step: 'Click the "Advanced Settings" header to expand it.'
```
</details>

### 2. Import the Bank Wallet

1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.
2. Click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).

> 3. Under **"Select what you want to import"**, choose **"Seed Phrase (HD Wallet)"**.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=f29ac06afb9f -->
**🟡 Suggestion: Import-flow steps reference 'Select what you want to import' heading that is hidden by default**

Session Setup §2-§4 (lines 44, 55, 64) and TC-WAL-002-01 step 4 (line 184) tell testers to choose 'Seed Phrase (HD Wallet)' under 'Select what you want to import'. That heading is only rendered when `show_advanced_options` is true (src/ui/wallets/import_mnemonic_screen.rs:544-547), and `ImportMnemonicScreen::new` defaults `show_advanced_options: false` (:72). With advanced options off, the import-type selector is not visible and the screen jumps straight to '1. Select the seed phrase length and enter all words.' (:577). Either drop the import-type step (mnemonic is the default) or tell the tester to check 'Show Advanced Options' first.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 44: Import-flow steps reference 'Select what you want to import' heading that is hidden by default
  Session Setup §2-§4 (lines 44, 55, 64) and TC-WAL-002-01 step 4 (line 184) tell testers to choose 'Seed Phrase (HD Wallet)' under 'Select what you want to import'. That heading is only rendered when `show_advanced_options` is true (src/ui/wallets/import_mnemonic_screen.rs:544-547), and `ImportMnemonicScreen::new` defaults `show_advanced_options: false` (:72). With advanced options off, the import-type selector is not visible and the screen jumps straight to '1. Select the seed phrase length and enter all words.' (:577). Either drop the import-type step (mnemonic is the default) or tell the tester to check 'Show Advanced Options' first.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Welcome screen shows all three options. Clicking **"Just Explore"** enters the app without creating a wallet. |
| **Post-Condition** | App is in explore mode. Proceed to [Session Setup](#session-setup). |

### TC-NET-001-01: Verify testnet network selection

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify DET is on testnet and network options are visible |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running, SPV synced |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate the network chooser at the top of the settings screen.<br>3. Verify **"Testnet"** is the currently selected network.<br>4. Verify the other options are listed: **"Mainnet"**, **"Devnet"**, **"Local"**.<br>5. Do NOT switch networks. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |

> | **Expected Result** | **"Testnet"** is selected. All four network options (**"Mainnet"**, **"Testnet"**, **"Devnet"**, **"Local"**) are visible. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=5e1f3c44ed0d -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-NET-001-01 expects Devnet and Local options that the documented setup never creates**

Step 4 / Expected Result tells the tester to verify Mainnet, Testnet, Devnet, and Local are all listed in the network chooser. The chooser only renders Testnet/Devnet/Local entries when the matching `AppContext` exists (src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:331-363), and each optional context is only created when a matching config block exists (src/context/mod.rs:118; src/app.rs:204-224). The documented .env only contains TESTNET_* keys, so even after adding the required Mainnet block (see related blocker), Devnet and Local will still be absent. Either drop those options from the expected result, or add example DEVNET_*/LOCAL_* blocks to the prerequisites.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 115-117: TC-NET-001-01 expects Devnet and Local options that the documented setup never creates
  Step 4 / Expected Result tells the tester to verify Mainnet, Testnet, Devnet, and Local are all listed in the network chooser. The chooser only renders Testnet/Devnet/Local entries when the matching `AppContext` exists (src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:331-363), and each optional context is only created when a matching config block exists (src/context/mod.rs:118; src/app.rs:204-224). The documented .env only contains TESTNET_* keys, so even after adding the required Mainnet block (see related blocker), Devnet and Local will still be absent. Either drop those options from the expected result, or add example DEVNET_*/LOCAL_* blocks to the prerequisites.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | Remain on Testnet. |

### TC-NET-004-01: Toggle theme

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-004 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-004-01 |
| **Short Description** | Switch between light and dark themes |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate the **"Theme:"** selector.<br>3. Select **"🌙 Dark"** and click **"Save"**.<br>4. Verify the UI updates to dark colors (dark background, light text).<br>5. Select **"☀ Light"** and click **"Save"**.<br>6. Verify the UI updates to light colors (light background, dark text). |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Theme changes apply after clicking **"Save"**. UI is readable in both modes. |

> | **Post-Condition** | Set theme to preferred value and click **"Save"**. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=9c1b6d2218c9 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-NET-004-01 tells testers to click 'Save' after changing the theme — no such button exists**

Steps 3 and 5 and the Post-Condition (line 131) instruct: 'Select "🌙 Dark" and click "Save".' The theme combo in src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:744-792 dispatches `BackendTask::SystemTask(SystemTask::UpdateThemePreference(...))` inside each selectable_value's `.clicked()` block — the theme persists immediately on selection with no confirmation button. The only Save button on the screen is the Regtest-RPC Local Network Password Save (line 397), invisible on Testnet/SPV. As written, 'Theme changes apply after clicking Save' is unobservable and the case cannot pass. Drop the Save clicks and verify the UI updates immediately after selection.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 128-131: TC-NET-004-01 tells testers to click 'Save' after changing the theme — no such button exists
  Steps 3 and 5 and the Post-Condition (line 131) instruct: 'Select "🌙 Dark" and click "Save".' The theme combo in src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:744-792 dispatches `BackendTask::SystemTask(SystemTask::UpdateThemePreference(...))` inside each selectable_value's `.clicked()` block — the theme persists immediately on selection with no confirmation button. The only Save button on the screen is the Regtest-RPC Local Network Password Save (line 397), invisible on Testnet/SPV. As written, 'Theme changes apply after clicking Save' is unobservable and the case cannot pass. Drop the Save clicks and verify the UI updates immediately after selection.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | Re-enable **"Developer mode"** if needed for SPV backend selection, then leave **"Connection Type"** set to **"SPV Client"**. |

---

## Wallet Management (WAL)

### TC-WAL-013-01: View SPV sync status

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | WAL-013 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-WAL-013-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify SPV sync status indicator |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running in SPV mode on testnet |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Observe the connection status indicator in the top bar.<br>2. During initial sync, verify the indicator shows a syncing state (orange or magenta color).<br>3. After sync completes, verify the indicator turns green.<br>4. Verify a peer count is displayed (> 0). |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Status indicator transitions from syncing (orange/magenta) to connected (green). Peer count > 0. |
| **Post-Condition** | SPV fully synced. |

### TC-WAL-001-01: Create a new HD wallet

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | WAL-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-WAL-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create a new wallet with generated mnemonic |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running, SPV synced |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"Create Wallet"** in the top-right corner.<br>3. Verify the breadcrumb reads **Wallets > Create Wallet**.<br>4. **Step 1 — Entropy:** Move the mouse around the entropy grid until the progress bar fills.<br>5. **Step 2 — Generate:** Under the heading *"Select your desired seed phrase language and word count and press Generate"*, select **English** and **24 words**, then click **"Generate"**.<br>6. **Step 3 — Record:** Under the heading *"Write down the passphrase on a piece of paper"*, write down all 24 displayed words.<br>7. Check **"I wrote it down"**.<br>8. **Step 4 — Name:** Under the heading *"Enter a wallet name"*, type `Created Wallet` in the **"Wallet Name:"** field.<br>9. **Step 5 — Password:** Under the heading *"Add a password"*, leave the **"Optional Password:"** field empty.<br>10. Click **"Save Wallet"**. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=fadc9c392d76 dedupe=68651e3d785d77bf -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-WAL-001-01 step 4 references a 'progress bar' the entropy grid does not render**

Step 4 says: 'Step 1 — Entropy: Move the mouse around the entropy grid until the progress bar fills.' `U256EntropyGrid::ui` (`src/ui/components/entropy_grid.rs:30-102`) renders a single heading ('1. Move your cursor over this grid to create extra randomness for your wallet\'s seed phrase.') and an 8×32 grid of clickable bit cells — there is no progress bar, no fill state, and the Generate button on the next heading is independently enabled. Rewrite step 4 around the actual UI, e.g.: 'Hover or click within the entropy grid (the 256-cell array under the heading "1. Move your cursor over this grid to create extra randomness for your wallet\'s seed phrase") to introduce additional entropy.'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 171: TC-WAL-001-01 step 4 references a 'progress bar' the entropy grid does not render
  Step 4 says: 'Step 1 — Entropy: Move the mouse around the entropy grid until the progress bar fills.' `U256EntropyGrid::ui` (`src/ui/components/entropy_grid.rs:30-102`) renders a single heading ('1. Move your cursor over this grid to create extra randomness for your wallet\'s seed phrase.') and an 8×32 grid of clickable bit cells — there is no progress bar, no fill state, and the Generate button on the next heading is independently enabled. Rewrite step 4 around the actual UI, e.g.: 'Hover or click within the entropy grid (the 256-cell array under the heading "1. Move your cursor over this grid to create extra randomness for your wallet\'s seed phrase") to introduce additional entropy.'
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Wallet name: `Created Wallet`, no password |
| **Expected Result** | Wallet appears on the **"Wallets"** screen. **"Core balance:"** shows `0.0000 DASH`. The generated mnemonic was 24 English words. |

> | **Post-Condition** | `Created Wallet` exists with zero balance. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=141e3735e846 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-WAL-001-01 omits the mandatory 'I wrote it down' checkbox and uses a non-existent 'Confirm creation' button**

The create-wallet wizard in src/ui/wallets/add_new_wallet_screen.rs gates steps 4-6 on the 'I wrote it down' checkbox: line 776 renders it and lines 779-781 `return` early when it is unchecked, so the 'Wallet Name' (heading at line 787), 'Optional Password' (:800), and 'Save the wallet' (:865) sections never appear until the checkbox is ticked. The test case jumps straight from 'Record' (step 6) to 'Name' (step 7) without this gating step. Step 9 then says 'Confirm creation', but the actual final button is labeled 'Save Wallet' (line 873) under the heading '6. Save the wallet.' (line 865). A tester following the case will (1) get stuck after writing down the words because steps 7-8 are not visible until the checkbox is ticked, and (2) look for a button that does not exist. Insert a step '(After recording) Check the "I wrote it down" checkbox' before the Name step, and replace 'Confirm creation' with 'Click "Save Wallet"'.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 171-174: TC-WAL-001-01 omits the mandatory 'I wrote it down' checkbox and uses a non-existent 'Confirm creation' button
  The create-wallet wizard in src/ui/wallets/add_new_wallet_screen.rs gates steps 4-6 on the 'I wrote it down' checkbox: line 776 renders it and lines 779-781 `return` early when it is unchecked, so the 'Wallet Name' (heading at line 787), 'Optional Password' (:800), and 'Save the wallet' (:865) sections never appear until the checkbox is ticked. The test case jumps straight from 'Record' (step 6) to 'Name' (step 7) without this gating step. Step 9 then says 'Confirm creation', but the actual final button is labeled 'Save Wallet' (line 873) under the heading '6. Save the wallet.' (line 865). A tester following the case will (1) get stuck after writing down the words because steps 7-8 are not visible until the checkbox is ticked, and (2) look for a button that does not exist. Insert a step '(After recording) Check the "I wrote it down" checkbox' before the Name step, and replace 'Confirm creation' with 'Click "Save Wallet"'.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.5` tDASH |
| **Expected Result** | Asset lock created. Transaction ID is shown. **"Core balance:"** decreases by ~0.5 tDASH + fee. |
| **Post-Condition** | Asset lock available for identity registration in TC-IDN-001-01. |

---

## Identity Operations (IDN)

### TC-IDN-001-01: Register a new identity

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Register a new identity funded by asset lock |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Identity Test** wallet selected; asset lock from TC-ALK-001-01 is confirmed |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"Create Identity"** and verify the breadcrumb shows **Identities > Create Identity**.<br>3. Select the **Identity Test** wallet as the funding source (unlock it if prompted).<br>4. Review the generated identity keys and optional **"Alias:"** field.<br>5. In **"Choose your funding method"**, select **"Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)"**.<br>6. Under **"Select an unused asset lock:"**, choose the asset lock created in TC-ALK-001-01 and click **"Select"**.<br>7. Verify the **"Estimated Fee:"** summary, then click **"Create Identity"**.<br>8. Wait through **"=> Waiting for Platform acknowledgement <="** until the success screen appears.<br>9. Verify the new identity appears in the identities list with an identity ID (Base58 string). |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=b12a5393b8c3 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-IDN-001-01 step 5 names funding-method labels that don't exist in the UI**

Step 5 reads: 'In "Choose your funding method", select "Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)".' Neither label exists in the code: the combobox placeholder is 'Select funding method' (`FundingMethod::NoSelection` Display, src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:62) and the option is 'Unused Asset Lock (recommended)' (`UseUnusedAssetLock` Display, :65). There is no heading 'Choose your funding method' anywhere in the source. Replace with the actual labels — e.g., 'Open the "Select funding method" combobox and choose "Unused Asset Lock (recommended)".'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 352: TC-IDN-001-01 step 5 names funding-method labels that don't exist in the UI
  Step 5 reads: 'In "Choose your funding method", select "Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)".' Neither label exists in the code: the combobox placeholder is 'Select funding method' (`FundingMethod::NoSelection` Display, src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:62) and the option is 'Unused Asset Lock (recommended)' (`UseUnusedAssetLock` Display, :65). There is no heading 'Choose your funding method' anywhere in the source. Replace with the actual labels — e.g., 'Open the "Select funding method" combobox and choose "Unused Asset Lock (recommended)".'
```
</details>

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"Create Identity"** and verify the breadcrumb shows **Identities > Create Identity**.<br>3. Select the **Identity Test** wallet as the funding source (unlock it if prompted).<br>4. Review the generated identity keys and optional **"Alias:"** field.<br>5. Open the **"Select funding method"** combobox and choose **"Unused Asset Lock (recommended)"**.<br>6. Under **"Select an unused asset lock:"**, choose the asset lock created in TC-ALK-001-01 and click **"Select"**.<br>7. Verify the **"Estimated Fee:"** summary, then click **"Create Identity"**.<br>8. Wait through **"=> Waiting for Platform acknowledgement <="** until the success screen appears.<br>9. Verify the new identity appears in the identities list with an identity ID (Base58 string). |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=5b6ddc4d80bf dedupe=57575cc3756bf66e -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-IDN-001-01 step 5 names a funding-method option that does not exist in the dropdown**

Step 5 says: 'Open the "Select funding method" combobox and choose "Unused Asset Lock (recommended)".' The combobox placeholder/selected_text matches that string via `FundingMethod`'s Display impl (`src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:62-65`), but the actual clickable option for the register-identity flow is hardcoded with a different label: `selectable_value(&mut *funding_method, FundingMethod::UseUnusedAssetLock, "Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)")` at `src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:457`. The tester will open the dropdown and see 'Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)' (plus 'Wallet Balance' / 'Address with QR Code' / 'Platform Address'), not the label this step tells them to click. Note this only affects the register-identity screen — top-up uses 'Unused Asset Locks' (plural), which TC-IDN-004-01 already matches. Replace the option name in step 5 with 'Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)'.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 352: TC-IDN-001-01 step 5 names a funding-method option that does not exist in the dropdown
  Step 5 says: 'Open the "Select funding method" combobox and choose "Unused Asset Lock (recommended)".' The combobox placeholder/selected_text matches that string via `FundingMethod`'s Display impl (`src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:62-65`), but the actual clickable option for the register-identity flow is hardcoded with a different label: `selectable_value(&mut *funding_method, FundingMethod::UseUnusedAssetLock, "Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)")` at `src/ui/identities/add_new_identity_screen/mod.rs:457`. The tester will open the dropdown and see 'Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)' (plus 'Wallet Balance' / 'Address with QR Code' / 'Platform Address'), not the label this step tells them to click. Note this only affects the register-identity screen — top-up uses 'Unused Asset Locks' (plural), which TC-IDN-004-01 already matches. Replace the option name in step 5 with 'Unused Evo Funding Locks (recommended)'.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Funding: asset lock from TC-ALK-001-01 |

> | **Expected Result** | Identity registered. Identity ID displayed. Credits balance > 0. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=efdf8164ac5e -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-001-01 says the new user identity ID is shown as a hex string, but user IDs are displayed in Base58**

Step 9 says the new identity ID is a 'hex string'. For user identities the UI uses Base58, not hex: `IdentityType::User` returns `Encoding::Base58` from `default_encoding()` (src/model/qualified_identity/mod.rs:50-55), and the identities table renders user IDs with `Encoding::Base58` in `show_identity_id()` (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:248-260). Only Masternode/Evonode identities are shown as hex (ProTxHash). Since this case registers a wallet-funded user identity, change 'hex string' to 'Base58 string' to avoid a false failure condition.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 352-354: TC-IDN-001-01 says the new user identity ID is shown as a hex string, but user IDs are displayed in Base58
  Step 9 says the new identity ID is a 'hex string'. For user identities the UI uses Base58, not hex: `IdentityType::User` returns `Encoding::Base58` from `default_encoding()` (src/model/qualified_identity/mod.rs:50-55), and the identities table renders user IDs with `Encoding::Base58` in `show_identity_id()` (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:248-260). Only Masternode/Evonode identities are shown as hex (ProTxHash). Since this case registers a wallet-funded user identity, change 'hex string' to 'Base58 string' to avoid a false failure condition.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | New identity available for DPNS, DashPay, and token tests. |

### TC-IDN-004-01: Top up identity credits

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-004 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-004-01 |
| **Short Description** | Add credits to an existing identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists; **Identity Test** wallet has remaining funds |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity created in TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Navigate to top-up (breadcrumb: **Top Up Identity**).<br>4. Enter amount: `0.1` tDASH worth of credits.<br>5. Confirm the top-up transaction.<br>6. Wait for Platform confirmation.<br>7. Verify the identity's credit balance increased. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=9c1a978952b8 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-004-01 omits the funding-method selection step on the Top Up Identity screen**

The top-up screen renders the same funding-method combobox as registration (src/ui/identities/top_up_identity_screen/mod.rs:241-283), with options 'Please select funding method', 'Unused Asset Locks', 'Wallet Balance', 'Platform Address'. The tester must pick one before the amount/confirm step is reachable. The case currently jumps directly from 'Navigate to top-up' to 'Enter amount' to 'Confirm the top-up transaction'. Add a step that names the actual combobox and the choice (e.g., 'Open the funding-method dropdown and choose "Wallet Balance" (or "Unused Asset Locks" if one is available).').

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 365: TC-IDN-004-01 omits the funding-method selection step on the Top Up Identity screen
  The top-up screen renders the same funding-method combobox as registration (src/ui/identities/top_up_identity_screen/mod.rs:241-283), with options 'Please select funding method', 'Unused Asset Locks', 'Wallet Balance', 'Platform Address'. The tester must pick one before the amount/confirm step is reachable. The case currently jumps directly from 'Navigate to top-up' to 'Enter amount' to 'Confirm the top-up transaction'. Add a step that names the actual combobox and the choice (e.g., 'Open the funding-method dropdown and choose "Wallet Balance" (or "Unused Asset Locks" if one is available).').
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Top-up amount: `0.1` tDASH |
| **Expected Result** | Credits increase. Transaction confirmed on Platform. |
| **Post-Condition** | Identity has sufficient credits for DPNS registration, DashPay profile, etc. |

### TC-IDN-008-01: View identity keys and details

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-008 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-008-01 |
| **Short Description** | Inspect identity key list and details |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Navigate to the keys/details view.<br>4. Verify a key list is displayed.<br>5. Verify each key shows: type, purpose (e.g., AUTHENTICATION), and status. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=03a67d20196a -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-008-01 step 3 'Navigate to the keys/details view' is too vague**

Other cases name exact buttons or breadcrumbs (TC-WAL-005-01, TC-IDN-001-01, TC-IDN-009-01); this step asks the tester to guess. Two testers will take different paths to satisfy it. Replace with the concrete entry point — e.g., 'On the Identities screen, click the keys/details button on the row for the test identity', and quote the actual button label from `identities_screen.rs`.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 378: TC-IDN-008-01 step 3 'Navigate to the keys/details view' is too vague
  Other cases name exact buttons or breadcrumbs (TC-WAL-005-01, TC-IDN-001-01, TC-IDN-009-01); this step asks the tester to guess. Two testers will take different paths to satisfy it. Replace with the concrete entry point — e.g., 'On the Identities screen, click the keys/details button on the row for the test identity', and quote the actual button label from `identities_screen.rs`.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | At least one key listed with AUTHENTICATION purpose. Key type, purpose, and status are visible for each key. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-IDN-009-01: Refresh identity state

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-009 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-009-01 |
| **Short Description** | Manually refresh identity data from the network |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Click the refresh button, or use the refresh mode selector: **"Core + Platform"**, **"Core Only"**, or **"Platform Only"**.<br>4. Wait for the refresh to complete.<br>5. Verify the credit balance and key state update without error. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=9e4d6fe54310 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-009-01 references a refresh-mode selector that does not exist on the Identities screen**

Step 3 tells testers to use a refresh mode selector with options 'Core + Platform', 'Core Only', 'Platform Only' while on the Identities screen. The Identities screen exposes only a top-panel 'Refresh' button (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:1178-1184) — there is no mode selector. The only refresh-mode dropdown is on the Wallets screen, and its actual options are also different ('All (Auto)', 'Core Only', 'Platform (Full/Terminal)', 'Core + Platform (Full/Terminal)' — src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:39-77). Rewrite the step around the actual Identities-screen 'Refresh' top-panel action.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 391: TC-IDN-009-01 references a refresh-mode selector that does not exist on the Identities screen
  Step 3 tells testers to use a refresh mode selector with options 'Core + Platform', 'Core Only', 'Platform Only' while on the Identities screen. The Identities screen exposes only a top-panel 'Refresh' button (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:1178-1184) — there is no mode selector. The only refresh-mode dropdown is on the Wallets screen, and its actual options are also different ('All (Auto)', 'Core Only', 'Platform (Full/Terminal)', 'Core + Platform (Full/Terminal)' — src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:39-77). Rewrite the step around the actual Identities-screen 'Refresh' top-panel action.
```
</details>

| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPN-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Register a unique DPNS username for the test identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 with sufficient credits |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Navigate to DPNS registration — the heading reads **"Register DPNS Name"**.<br>4. Enter a unique username: `detsmoke-{timestamp}` (e.g., `detsmoke-1710770000`).<br>5. Review the cost estimate.<br>6. Click **"Register Name"**.<br>7. Wait for Platform confirmation. |
| **Test Data** | Username: `detsmoke-{timestamp}` (use current Unix timestamp for uniqueness) |
| **Expected Result** | Username registered. Appears in the identity's owned names. Credits decreased by the registration cost. |
| **Post-Condition** | Identity has a DPNS username for DashPay tests. |

### TC-DPN-002-01: View owned usernames

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPN-002 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPN-002-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify registered username appears in the owned names list |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Username registered in TC-DPN-001-01 |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Navigate to the owned usernames section.<br>4. Verify the username from TC-DPN-001-01 is listed. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=7930d21f9d64 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DPN-002 sends testers to an owned-usernames section that does not exist on the Identities screen**

Step 3 says, from the Identities screen, to 'navigate to the owned usernames section'. Owned DPNS names are rendered only by the dedicated DPNS screen when `DPNSSubscreen::Owned` is active (src/ui/dpns/dpns_contested_names_screen.rs and the chooser at src/ui/components/dpns_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:15, :91-94 which routes 'Owned' → `RootScreenDPNSOwnedNames`). The Identities screen does not expose an owned-usernames panel. Rewrite step 3 as: 'Click "Tools" → "DPNS" in the left sidebar (or use the DPNS subscreen chooser) and select the "Owned Names" subscreen.' Then verify the username appears in that list for the identity created in TC-IDN-001-01.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 421: TC-DPN-002 sends testers to an owned-usernames section that does not exist on the Identities screen
  Step 3 says, from the Identities screen, to 'navigate to the owned usernames section'. Owned DPNS names are rendered only by the dedicated DPNS screen when `DPNSSubscreen::Owned` is active (src/ui/dpns/dpns_contested_names_screen.rs and the chooser at src/ui/components/dpns_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:15, :91-94 which routes 'Owned' → `RootScreenDPNSOwnedNames`). The Identities screen does not expose an owned-usernames panel. Rewrite step 3 as: 'Click "Tools" → "DPNS" in the left sidebar (or use the DPNS subscreen chooser) and select the "Owned Names" subscreen.' Then verify the username appears in that list for the identity created in TC-IDN-001-01.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | The registered username appears in the owned names list. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-DPN-003-01: View active name contests

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPN-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPN-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | View the DPNS name contests screen |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, SPV synced |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Dashpay"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate the active DPNS contests view.<br>3. Verify the screen loads without error.<br>4. If contests exist, verify each shows status and vote information. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=c2b6e2fcb19c -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DPN-003 points QA to Dashpay, but the DPNS contests screen lives under Tools → DPNS**

Step 1 instructs the tester to click 'Dashpay' in the left sidebar, but that route navigates to the DashPay screens whose subscreens are My Profile, Contacts, Payment History, and Search Profiles (src/ui/components/dashpay_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:18-25, :57-61). The DPNS contest views (Active / Past / Owned / ScheduledVotes) are a separate Tools subscreen (src/ui/components/dpns_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:12-17) mapped to `RootScreenDPNSActiveContests` and siblings. A tester following the documented path will never reach the contests view. Rewrite step 1 as: 'Click "Tools" in the left sidebar, then select "DPNS" in the Tools subscreen chooser, then select the "Active" subscreen.'

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 434: TC-DPN-003 points QA to Dashpay, but the DPNS contests screen lives under Tools → DPNS
  Step 1 instructs the tester to click 'Dashpay' in the left sidebar, but that route navigates to the DashPay screens whose subscreens are My Profile, Contacts, Payment History, and Search Profiles (src/ui/components/dashpay_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:18-25, :57-61). The DPNS contest views (Active / Past / Owned / ScheduledVotes) are a separate Tools subscreen (src/ui/components/dpns_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:12-17) mapped to `RootScreenDPNSActiveContests` and siblings. A tester following the documented path will never reach the contests view. Rewrite step 1 as: 'Click "Tools" in the left sidebar, then select "DPNS" in the Tools subscreen chooser, then select the "Active" subscreen.'
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Contests screen loads. Any listed contests show status and vote counts. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

---

## DashPay (DPY)

### TC-DPY-001-01: Create a DashPay profile

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPY-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPY-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create a DashPay profile for the test identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 with DPNS username and sufficient credits |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Dashpay"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Navigate to the profile editing screen for the test identity.<br>3. In the **"Display Name:"** field (hint: *"Enter your display name (required)"*), type `Smoke Test Bot`.<br>4. In the **"Bio/Status:"** field, type `Automated QA testing`.<br>5. Leave the **"Avatar URL:"** field empty.<br>6. Save/publish the profile.<br>7. Wait for Platform confirmation.<br>8. Verify the profile screen shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio/Status:** `Automated QA testing`. |
| **Test Data** | Display Name: `Smoke Test Bot`, Bio: `Automated QA testing` |

> | **Expected Result** | Profile created. Display name and bio visible on the profile screen. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=b916f1a99e02 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DPY-001-01 skips the mandatory Refresh + Create Profile path and uses a vague navigation step**

Two problems on the same case:

1. Step 2 ('Navigate to the profile editing screen for the test identity') is vague — every other case names exact controls. The DashPay subscreen chooser exposes 'My Profile', 'Contacts', 'Payment History', 'Search Profiles' (src/ui/components/dashpay_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:57-62). Tell the tester to click 'My Profile'. The same vagueness applies to TC-DPY-002-01 step 2 — direct the tester to 'Search Profiles' before the search field step.

2. For a freshly registered identity, the My Profile screen does not show editable fields. On first open it shows 'No Profile Loaded' and instructs the user to click the top-panel 'Refresh' button (src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs:675-700). Only after Refresh completes with 'no profile' does the 'No DashPay Profile' card appear with a 'Create Profile' button (:1248-1280), and only after clicking that do the Display Name / Bio/Status / Avatar URL / Save Profile controls become available (:719-1009). Insert the explicit 'Refresh' click and 'Create Profile' click between opening My Profile and typing the display name.

<sub>source: ['claude', 'codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 443-453: TC-DPY-001-01 skips the mandatory Refresh + Create Profile path and uses a vague navigation step
  Two problems on the same case:

1. Step 2 ('Navigate to the profile editing screen for the test identity') is vague — every other case names exact controls. The DashPay subscreen chooser exposes 'My Profile', 'Contacts', 'Payment History', 'Search Profiles' (src/ui/components/dashpay_subscreen_chooser_panel.rs:57-62). Tell the tester to click 'My Profile'. The same vagueness applies to TC-DPY-002-01 step 2 — direct the tester to 'Search Profiles' before the search field step.

2. For a freshly registered identity, the My Profile screen does not show editable fields. On first open it shows 'No Profile Loaded' and instructs the user to click the top-panel 'Refresh' button (src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs:675-700). Only after Refresh completes with 'no profile' does the 'No DashPay Profile' card appear with a 'Create Profile' button (:1248-1280), and only after clicking that do the Display Name / Bio/Status / Avatar URL / Save Profile controls become available (:719-1009). Insert the explicit 'Refresh' click and 'Create Profile' click between opening My Profile and typing the display name.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-TOK-002-01: Search and discover tokens

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | TOK-002 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-TOK-002-01 |
| **Short Description** | Search for tokens by keyword |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, SPV synced |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tokens"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **"Search Tokens"** tab.<br>3. Enter the keyword `test` in the search field.<br>4. Execute the search.<br>5. Verify results appear, or a "no results" message is shown.<br>6. If results appear, verify each entry shows a token name and metadata. |
| **Test Data** | Keyword: `test` |
| **Expected Result** | Search executes without error. Results or empty-state message displayed. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-TOK-003-01: Add a token by contract ID

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | TOK-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-TOK-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | Add a token using a contract or token ID |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, a known token contract ID available |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tokens"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click the **"Add Token"** button.<br>3. Verify the heading reads **"Add Token"**.<br>4. In the input field (*"Enter either a Contract ID or Token ID"*), enter a known testnet token contract ID.<br>5. Click **"Search"** and select the desired token if multiple results are shown.<br>6. Click **"Add Token"** and verify the **"Token Added Successfully"** screen appears.<br>7. Click **"Back to Tokens screen"**, open **"Search Tokens"**, and verify the added token/contract can be found by its name or ID. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=a2eb2b25a4b1 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-TOK-003-01 step 4 references a hint text the Add Token screen does not render**

Step 4 reads: 'In the input field ("Enter either a Contract ID or Token ID"), enter a known testnet token contract ID.' The actual field is labeled 'Contract or Token ID:' (src/ui/tokens/add_token_by_id_screen.rs:68) and the `text_edit_singleline` call (:69) has no `.hint_text(...)`, so no italic placeholder text appears. A literal tester will hunt for the parenthetical hint and not find it. Replace with the real label, e.g., 'In the "Contract or Token ID:" field, enter a known testnet token contract ID.'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 507: TC-TOK-003-01 step 4 references a hint text the Add Token screen does not render
  Step 4 reads: 'In the input field ("Enter either a Contract ID or Token ID"), enter a known testnet token contract ID.' The actual field is labeled 'Contract or Token ID:' (src/ui/tokens/add_token_by_id_screen.rs:68) and the `text_edit_singleline` call (:69) has no `.hint_text(...)`, so no italic placeholder text appears. A literal tester will hunt for the parenthetical hint and not find it. Replace with the real label, e.g., 'In the "Contract or Token ID:" field, enter a known testnet token contract ID.'
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | A valid token contract ID from testnet |

> | **Expected Result** | Token is saved/tracked locally and searchable by name or ID. **"My Tokens"** only shows the token if one of the local identities holds a non-zero balance. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=ee6a4474d135 dedupe=3ea223e247e38f9e -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-TOK-003-01 verifies through 'Search Tokens', but that tab only supports keyword search**

Step 7 and the expected result say the added token/contract should be findable from the 'Search Tokens' tab 'by its name or ID.' The implementation does not support that. The Search Tokens UI is keyword-only: it is headed 'Search Tokens by Keyword', labels its field 'Enter Keyword:', and dispatches `TokenTask::QueryDescriptionsByKeyword(...)` on search (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/keyword_search.rs:33-74`). There is no path there for contract IDs, token IDs, or the locally tracked-token list. The add-token flow itself just saves the contract/token and refreshes balances (`src/ui/tokens/add_token_by_id_screen.rs:130-155`). QA can successfully add a token and still fail the verification because the documented post-check path is unsupported by the UI. Change the post-check to a screen that actually reflects locally tracked tokens/contracts (e.g., the contracts list or the local tokens view after holding a balance), not the keyword-search tab.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 507-509: TC-TOK-003-01 verifies through 'Search Tokens', but that tab only supports keyword search
  Step 7 and the expected result say the added token/contract should be findable from the 'Search Tokens' tab 'by its name or ID.' The implementation does not support that. The Search Tokens UI is keyword-only: it is headed 'Search Tokens by Keyword', labels its field 'Enter Keyword:', and dispatches `TokenTask::QueryDescriptionsByKeyword(...)` on search (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/keyword_search.rs:33-74`). There is no path there for contract IDs, token IDs, or the locally tracked-token list. The add-token flow itself just saves the contract/token and refreshes balances (`src/ui/tokens/add_token_by_id_screen.rs:130-155`). QA can successfully add a token and still fail the verification because the documented post-check path is unsupported by the UI. Change the post-check to a screen that actually reflects locally tracked tokens/contracts (e.g., the contracts list or the local tokens view after holding a balance), not the keyword-search tab.
```
</details>

| **Pre-Conditions** | DPNS contract imported from TC-DOC-003-01 |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Contracts"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the DPNS contract from the list.<br>3. Select a document type (e.g., `domain`).<br>4. Execute the query.<br>5. Verify document results are displayed, each showing its properties. |
| **Test Data** | Contract: DPNS, Document type: `domain` |
| **Expected Result** | Query returns documents. Each document displays its properties (e.g., name, records). |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

---

## Developer and Power Tools (DEV)

### TC-DEV-005-01: View Platform info

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DEV-005 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DEV-005-01 |
| **Short Description** | View Platform network status and info |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, SPV synced |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tools"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. The default view is **"Platform Info"**.<br>3. Confirm epoch info is displayed (epoch number, start time).<br>4. Check that total credits in the system are shown.<br>5. Ensure a validator list is visible. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |

> | **Expected Result** | **"Platform Info"** screen loads. Epoch, credits, and validators shown with current data. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=9877a4bc765b -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DEV-005-01 expects Platform Info to display data automatically, but the screen is empty until a Fetch button is clicked**

Steps 3-5 tell testers to confirm epoch info, total credits, and validators are displayed immediately. The actual screen exposes discrete actions ('Fetch Basic Platform Info', 'Fetch Current Epoch Info', 'Fetch Total Credits on Platform', 'Fetch Current Validator Set Info', etc. — src/ui/tools/platform_info_screen.rs:55-91), and `refresh_on_arrival` explicitly does not auto-refresh (:180-182). Until one of those buttons is clicked, the result pane shows 'No results yet' with 'Select an action from the left panel to fetch platform information.' (:159-163). Rewrite the steps to click each Fetch button (Current Epoch Info, Total Credits on Platform, Current Validator Set Info) and verify the corresponding result pane.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 554-556: TC-DEV-005-01 expects Platform Info to display data automatically, but the screen is empty until a Fetch button is clicked
  Steps 3-5 tell testers to confirm epoch info, total credits, and validators are displayed immediately. The actual screen exposes discrete actions ('Fetch Basic Platform Info', 'Fetch Current Epoch Info', 'Fetch Total Credits on Platform', 'Fetch Current Validator Set Info', etc. — src/ui/tools/platform_info_screen.rs:55-91), and `refresh_on_arrival` explicitly does not auto-refresh (:180-182). Until one of those buttons is clicked, the result pane shows 'No results yet' with 'Select an action from the left panel to fetch platform information.' (:159-163). Rewrite the steps to click each Fetch button (Current Epoch Info, Total Credits on Platform, Current Validator Set Info) and verify the corresponding result pane.
```
</details>

9. Wait for **"Core balance:"** to appear (should show >= 10 tDASH).

### 3. Import the Send-Test Wallet

1. On the **"Wallets"** screen, click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).
2. The mnemonic seed phrase import screen is shown by default. Select the correct length.
3. Enter each word of `${TC_SND_MNEMONIC}` into the numbered fields.
4. In **"Name:"**, type `Send Test`.
5. Leave **"Optional Password:"** empty.
6. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

### 4. Import the Identity-Test Wallet

1. On the **"Wallets"** screen, click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).
2. The mnemonic seed phrase import screen is shown by default. Select the correct length.
3. Enter each word of `${TC_IDN_MNEMONIC}` into the numbered fields.
4. In **"Name:"**, type `Identity Test`.
5. Leave **"Optional Password:"** empty.
6. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

### 5. Fund Test Wallets from Bank

1. Select the **Bank** wallet on the **"Wallets"** screen.
2. If the wallet shows **"Unlock"** instead of **"Lock"**, click **"Unlock"**, enter `${BANK_PASSWORD}` in the popup, and click **"Unlock"**.
3. Click **"Send"**.
4. In the **"To:"** field (hint: *"Enter Dash address"*), enter `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}`.

> 5. In the **"Amount:"** field (hint: *"0.00"*), enter `1`.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=74e299524cba dedupe=e54462fad01f0d83 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Send-screen field labels and hint text don't match the default HD send UI**

Session Setup §5 steps 4-5 (lines 77-78), TC-SND-005-01 steps 4-5 (line 307), and TC-SND-001-01 steps 5-6 (line 320) instruct testers to use a 'To:' field with hint *Enter Dash address* and an 'Amount:' field with hint *0.00*. Verified against `src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs`: the default render produces 'Send to' (line 1366), address hint 'Enter address (X.../y.../evo1.../tevo1...)' (line 1397), 'Amount' (line 1418), and amount hint 'Enter amount' (line 1515). The 'To:'/'Amount:' labels only appear in the advanced multi-output path at line 2173, which testers do not open. A literal tester following the doc may believe they are on the wrong screen. Update the doc to match the default labels/hints.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 77-78: Send-screen field labels and hint text don't match the default HD send UI
  Session Setup §5 steps 4-5 (lines 77-78), TC-SND-005-01 steps 4-5 (line 307), and TC-SND-001-01 steps 5-6 (line 320) instruct testers to use a 'To:' field with hint *Enter Dash address* and an 'Amount:' field with hint *0.00*. Verified against `src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs`: the default render produces 'Send to' (line 1366), address hint 'Enter address (X.../y.../evo1.../tevo1...)' (line 1397), 'Amount' (line 1418), and amount hint 'Enter amount' (line 1515). The 'To:'/'Amount:' labels only appear in the advanced multi-output path at line 2173, which testers do not open. A literal tester following the doc may believe they are on the wrong screen. Update the doc to match the default labels/hints.
```
</details>

6. The **"Fee:"** label displays the estimated fee.
7. Click **"Send"** in the form.
8. A **"Fee Confirmation Required"** dialog appears — confirm the transaction.
9. Wait for the transaction to appear in the **"Transactions"** section.
10. Click **"Send"** again.
11. In **"To:"**, enter `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`.
12. In **"Amount:"**, enter `3`.
13. Click **"Send"** in the form.

> 14. Confirm in the **"Fee Confirmation Required"** dialog.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=709ce4042f0d dedupe=6243598c094cddb2 -->
**🔴 Blocking: HD-wallet Send flow has no 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog — six test steps will hang**

Six steps direct testers to confirm sends in a 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog: Session Setup §5 step 8 (line 81) and step 14 (line 87), TC-SND-005-01 step 8 (line 307), TC-SND-001-01 step 9 (line 320), Session Cleanup §1 step 7 (line 575) and §2 step 6 (line 585). Grep confirms that window exists at exactly one location: `src/ui/wallets/single_key_send_screen.rs:561` (`egui::Window::new("Fee Confirmation Required")`). Bank, Send Test, and Identity Test are mnemonic-imported HD wallets, so clicking 'Send' routes via `src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:872-876` to `WalletSendScreen` (`send_screen.rs`), which has zero `Window::new` calls and dispatches `SendWalletPayment` directly with no confirmation popup. Tests will stall. Either remove the confirmation step for HD-wallet sends or rewrite to describe the actual flow (button transitions to 'Sending…' and the success banner reports the fee after broadcast).

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 81-87: HD-wallet Send flow has no 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog — six test steps will hang
  Six steps direct testers to confirm sends in a 'Fee Confirmation Required' dialog: Session Setup §5 step 8 (line 81) and step 14 (line 87), TC-SND-005-01 step 8 (line 307), TC-SND-001-01 step 9 (line 320), Session Cleanup §1 step 7 (line 575) and §2 step 6 (line 585). Grep confirms that window exists at exactly one location: `src/ui/wallets/single_key_send_screen.rs:561` (`egui::Window::new("Fee Confirmation Required")`). Bank, Send Test, and Identity Test are mnemonic-imported HD wallets, so clicking 'Send' routes via `src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:872-876` to `WalletSendScreen` (`send_screen.rs`), which has zero `Window::new` calls and dispatches `SendWalletPayment` directly with no confirmation popup. Tests will stall. Either remove the confirmation step for HD-wallet sends or rewrite to describe the actual flow (button transitions to 'Sending…' and the success banner reports the fee after broadcast).
```
</details>

| **Short Description** | Verify onboarding wizard on fresh start |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET data directory removed (fresh start — see [test-prerequisites.md](test-prerequisites.md#fresh-start-for-onboarding-tests)); `.env` file in place |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Launch DET.<br>2. Verify the welcome screen appears with three cards: **"Create Wallet"**, **"Import Wallet"**, and **"Just Explore"**.<br>3. Click **"Just Explore"**.<br>4. Verify the app loads — the left sidebar shows navigation items (**"Wallets"**, **"Identities"**, **"Contracts"**, **"Tokens"**, **"Tools"**, **"Settings"**, etc.) and no wallet is selected. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Welcome screen shows all three options. Clicking **"Just Explore"** enters the app without creating a wallet. |
| **Post-Condition** | App is in explore mode. Proceed to [Session Setup](#session-setup). |

### TC-NET-001-01: Verify testnet network selection

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify DET is on testnet and network options are visible |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running, SPV synced |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate the network chooser at the top of the settings screen.<br>3. Verify **"Testnet"** is the currently selected network.<br>4. Verify the other chooser entry listed by the documented config is **"Mainnet"**.<br>5. Do NOT switch networks. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=b2de3d4e2842 dedupe=72d0b5e118cd1a28 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-NET-001-01 step 2 mislocates the network chooser**

Step 2 reads 'Locate the network chooser at the top of the settings screen.' Per `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:197-294`, the dropdown is rendered inside the 'Connection Settings' card next to a 'Network:' label — not 'at the top' and not labeled 'network chooser.' Other test cases consistently name the precise label/section (e.g., 'Locate the "Theme:" selector'). Rewrite for consistency, e.g.: 'In the "Connection Settings" section, locate the "Network:" dropdown.'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 117: TC-NET-001-01 step 2 mislocates the network chooser
  Step 2 reads 'Locate the network chooser at the top of the settings screen.' Per `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:197-294`, the dropdown is rendered inside the 'Connection Settings' card next to a 'Network:' label — not 'at the top' and not labeled 'network chooser.' Other test cases consistently name the precise label/section (e.g., 'Locate the "Theme:" selector'). Rewrite for consistency, e.g.: 'In the "Connection Settings" section, locate the "Network:" dropdown.'
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | QR code renders correctly. Text address matches QR content. Copy to clipboard works. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-SND-005-01: See fee estimate before confirming

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | SND-005 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-SND-005-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify fee estimate is shown in the send confirmation dialog |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Send Test** wallet selected with >= 1 tDASH |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Send Test** wallet.<br>3. Click **"Send"**.<br>4. In the **"To:"** field (hint: *"Enter Dash address"*), enter `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}`.<br>5. In the **"Amount:"** field (hint: *"0.00"*), enter `0.01`.<br>6. Verify the **"Fee:"** label shows a non-zero fee estimate.<br>7. Click **"Send"** in the form.<br>8. A **"Fee Confirmation Required"** dialog appears.<br>9. Verify the dialog shows the amount, fee, and total deduction.<br>10. Cancel or close the dialog — do NOT confirm the send. |
| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.01` tDASH, Destination: `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}` |

> | **Expected Result** | **"Fee:"** estimate and total deduction are clearly visible before confirming. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=6b477a10d75a dedupe=a887fae371d00b22 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-SND-005-01 expects a pre-send 'Fee:' estimate label that the HD send screen does not render**

Step 6 says 'Verify the **"Fee:"** label shows a non-zero fee estimate,' and the Expected Result requires the fee estimate to be visible before confirming. Grep of `src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs` finds no occurrences of `"Fee:"`; the only fee-related strings are 'Estimated fee:' embedded inside validation error messages and the post-send success banner (`\n\nFee: Estimated {} • Actual {}`). There is no live pre-send fee surface on the HD send screen, so step 6 cannot be completed and the case as written cannot pass. Combined with the missing confirmation dialog, the entire 'see fee before confirming' premise of TC-SND-005-01 needs reworking — either delete the case or rewrite it to verify fee on the post-send success banner.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 307-309: TC-SND-005-01 expects a pre-send 'Fee:' estimate label that the HD send screen does not render
  Step 6 says 'Verify the **"Fee:"** label shows a non-zero fee estimate,' and the Expected Result requires the fee estimate to be visible before confirming. Grep of `src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs` finds no occurrences of `"Fee:"`; the only fee-related strings are 'Estimated fee:' embedded inside validation error messages and the post-send success banner (`\n\nFee: Estimated {} • Actual {}`). There is no live pre-send fee surface on the HD send screen, so step 6 cannot be completed and the case as written cannot pass. Combined with the missing confirmation dialog, the entire 'see fee before confirming' premise of TC-SND-005-01 needs reworking — either delete the case or rewrite it to verify fee on the post-send success banner.
```
</details>

---

## Test Case Format

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Use Case ID** | Reference to user stories (e.g., WAL-001) |
| **Test Case ID** | Unique test identifier (e.g., TC-WAL-001-01) |
| **Short Description** | What the test verifies |
| **Pre-Conditions** | State required before test execution |
| **Test Steps** | Numbered steps to execute |
| **Test Data** | Specific inputs or values used |
| **Expected Result** | Observable outcome on success |
| **Post-Condition** | State after test completes; cleanup actions |

---

## Session Setup

Perform these steps before running any test cases. If running TC-NET-010-01 (onboarding), do that first, then continue from step 1 below.

### 1. Configure SPV Mode

1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.
2. Click the **"Advanced Settings"** header to expand it.
3. Check the **"Developer mode"** checkbox.
4. Stay on **Settings (Network Chooser)** and verify the **"Connection Type"** dropdown appears in **"Connection Settings"**.
5. In **"Connection Settings"**, open the **"Network:"** dropdown and select **"Testnet"**.
6. In **"Connection Settings"**, open the **"Connection Type"** dropdown and select **"SPV Client"**.

> 7. Wait for the connection status indicator (top bar) to turn green.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=0fa67ceccfd2 dedupe=020eb371e1e85fad -->
**🔴 Blocking: SPV setup is missing the Connect click that actually starts sync**

Step 6 selects **"SPV Client"** and step 7 tells the tester to wait for the status indicator to turn green, but selecting the backend only updates `core_backend_mode` — SPV does not start until the user clicks the **Connect** button that calls `start_spv()` (see `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:529-541`). A fresh weekly run will hang here forever. The same omission is repeated in `docs/test-prerequisites.md` under "Select SPV Backend" (lines 117-125). Add an explicit step that clicks **"Connect"** after selecting **"SPV Client"** in both places.

<details>
<summary>💡 Suggested change</summary>

```suggestion
### 1. Configure SPV Mode

1. Click **"Settings"** in the left sidebar.
2. Click the **"Advanced Settings"** header to expand it.
3. Check the **"Developer mode"** checkbox.
4. Stay on **Settings (Network Chooser)** and verify the **"Connection Type"** dropdown appears in **"Connection Settings"**.
5. In **"Connection Settings"**, open the **"Network:"** dropdown and select **"Testnet"**.
6. In **"Connection Settings"**, open the **"Connection Type"** dropdown and select **"SPV Client"**.
7. Click the **"Connect"** button.
8. Wait for the connection status indicator (top bar) to turn green.
```

</details>

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 32-40: SPV setup is missing the Connect click that actually starts sync
  Step 6 selects **"SPV Client"** and step 7 tells the tester to wait for the status indicator to turn green, but selecting the backend only updates `core_backend_mode` — SPV does not start until the user clicks the **Connect** button that calls `start_spv()` (see `src/ui/network_chooser_screen.rs:529-541`). A fresh weekly run will hang here forever. The same omission is repeated in `docs/test-prerequisites.md` under "Select SPV Backend" (lines 117-125). Add an explicit step that clicks **"Connect"** after selecting **"SPV Client"** in both places.
```
</details>

### 2. Import the Bank Wallet

1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.
2. Click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).
3. The mnemonic seed phrase import screen is shown by default.
4. Select the seed phrase length matching `${BANK_MNEMONIC}`.
5. Enter each word into the numbered fields (**"1:"**, **"2:"**, ...).
6. In **"Name:"**, type `Bank`.
7. In **"Optional Password:"**, enter `${BANK_PASSWORD}`.

> 8. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=c51a7955a14b dedupe=fed24244cf11b616 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Mnemonic import commit step says 'Import Wallet'; the actual button is 'Save Wallet'**

Five steps direct the tester to commit a mnemonic import by clicking 'Import Wallet': test-cases.md Session Setup §2 step 8 (line 51), §3 step 6 (line 61), §4 step 6 (line 70), TC-WAL-002-01 step 9 (line 185), and test-prerequisites.md Bank import step 8 (line 148). In src/ui/wallets/import_mnemonic_screen.rs:729-732 the commit button is hard-coded to 'Save Wallet' for ImportType::Mnemonic (the heading just above at line 718 reads '{n}. Save the wallet.'). 'Import Wallet' appears on this screen only as the top-panel breadcrumb at line 507 — not a clickable submit. A literal tester who finishes entering the mnemonic, name, and password will look for an 'Import Wallet' button on the form and not find one; the breadcrumb will look like a label. The earlier 'Click Import Wallet (top-right)' steps that navigate into the import screen are correct and should not be changed. TC-WAL-001-01 step 10 already uses 'Save Wallet' correctly (line 172); the import flow needs the same fix at the five commit-step locations.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 51: Mnemonic import commit step says 'Import Wallet'; the actual button is 'Save Wallet'
  Five steps direct the tester to commit a mnemonic import by clicking 'Import Wallet': test-cases.md Session Setup §2 step 8 (line 51), §3 step 6 (line 61), §4 step 6 (line 70), TC-WAL-002-01 step 9 (line 185), and test-prerequisites.md Bank import step 8 (line 148). In src/ui/wallets/import_mnemonic_screen.rs:729-732 the commit button is hard-coded to 'Save Wallet' for ImportType::Mnemonic (the heading just above at line 718 reads '{n}. Save the wallet.'). 'Import Wallet' appears on this screen only as the top-panel breadcrumb at line 507 — not a clickable submit. A literal tester who finishes entering the mnemonic, name, and password will look for an 'Import Wallet' button on the form and not find one; the breadcrumb will look like a label. The earlier 'Click Import Wallet (top-right)' steps that navigate into the import screen are correct and should not be changed. TC-WAL-001-01 step 10 already uses 'Save Wallet' correctly (line 172); the import flow needs the same fix at the five commit-step locations.
```
</details>

### 4. Import the Identity-Test Wallet

1. On the **"Wallets"** screen, click **"Import Wallet"** (top-right).
2. The mnemonic seed phrase import screen is shown by default. Select the correct length.
3. Enter each word of `${TC_IDN_MNEMONIC}` into the numbered fields.
4. In **"Name:"**, type `Identity Test`.
5. Leave **"Optional Password:"** empty.
6. Click **"Import Wallet"**.

### 5. Fund Test Wallets from Bank

1. Select the **Bank** wallet on the **"Wallets"** screen.
2. If the wallet shows **"Unlock"** instead of **"Lock"**, click **"Unlock"**, enter `${BANK_PASSWORD}` in the popup, and click **"Unlock"**.
3. Click **"Send"**.
4. In the **"Send to"** field (hint: *"Enter address (X.../y.../evo1.../tevo1...)"*), enter `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}`.
5. In the **"Amount"** field (hint: *"Enter amount"*), enter `1`.
6. Click **"Send"** in the form and verify the button changes to **"Sending..."** while the transaction is broadcast.
7. Wait for the success banner and verify it reports the broadcast transaction, including the fee paid.
8. Click **"Send Another"**.
9. In the **"Send to"** field, enter `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`.
10. In the **"Amount"** field, enter `3`.

> 11. Click **"Send"** in the form and verify the button changes to **"Sending..."** while the transaction is broadcast.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=13cdb9fe0539 dedupe=69d30850a2a1a26e -->
**🟡 Suggestion: 'Verify the button changes to Sending…' is not what testers actually see on submit**

Session Setup §5 steps 6 and 11 (lines 79, 84), TC-SND-005-01 step 7, TC-SND-001-01 step 8, and Session Cleanup §1 step 6 / §2 step 5 tell the tester to 'verify the button changes to Sending…' after clicking Send. `WalletSendScreen::show` short-circuits the entire form when `send_status` is not Idle (`if let Some(status_action) = self.render_send_status(...) { return status_action; }` at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2630-2632), and `SendStatus::WaitingForResult` is set in the same handler as the click (src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:493). The next frame renders a vertical_centered status view with `egui::Spinner::new()` and `ui.heading("Sending...")` (src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:1124-1141). The `button_text = if is_sending { "Sending..." } else { "Send" }` branch at ~line 1700 is effectively dead because the form is replaced before the next paint. Rewrite as 'Verify the form is replaced by a spinner and the heading "Sending…"' to match what testers actually see; the same fix applies to the Bank consolidation rewrite.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 79-84: 'Verify the button changes to Sending…' is not what testers actually see on submit
  Session Setup §5 steps 6 and 11 (lines 79, 84), TC-SND-005-01 step 7, TC-SND-001-01 step 8, and Session Cleanup §1 step 6 / §2 step 5 tell the tester to 'verify the button changes to Sending…' after clicking Send. `WalletSendScreen::show` short-circuits the entire form when `send_status` is not Idle (`if let Some(status_action) = self.render_send_status(...) { return status_action; }` at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2630-2632), and `SendStatus::WaitingForResult` is set in the same handler as the click (src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:493). The next frame renders a vertical_centered status view with `egui::Spinner::new()` and `ui.heading("Sending...")` (src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:1124-1141). The `button_text = if is_sending { "Sending..." } else { "Send" }` branch at ~line 1700 is effectively dead because the form is replaced before the next paint. Rewrite as 'Verify the form is replaced by a spinner and the heading "Sending…"' to match what testers actually see; the same fix applies to the Bank consolidation rewrite.
```
</details>

> 12. Wait for the success banner and verify it reports the broadcast transaction, including the fee paid.

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=6737288f8cd9 dedupe=a8490eed46366835 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Send success banner does not include a fee for HD wallet sends**

Session Setup §5 steps 7 and 12 (lines 80, 85), TC-SND-005-01 step 9 and Expected Result (~line 306-308), and Session Cleanup §1 step 7 / §2 step 6 (~lines 573, 583) all assert the success banner 'reports the broadcast transaction, including the fee paid.' That assertion does not match the code. `WalletSendScreen::display_task_result` handles the only success variant produced by HD wallet Send — `BackendTaskSuccessResult::WalletPayment` — at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2694-2710 by formatting `SendStatus::Complete("Sent {amount} to {address}")` with no fee. The `\n\nFee: Estimated {} • Actual {}` line only appears in the `TransferredCredits` arm at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2712-2719, which is a platform credit transfer, not an HD-wallet Send. Testers following the doc will see a success heading like 'Sent 1.0000 DASH to y…' with no fee surfaced anywhere on the screen, then either fail the verification or fabricate a result. Rewrite the affected steps so the banner is verified to show the sent amount and destination address; if fee reporting must remain in the smoke test, point at the post-send Transactions row, which exposes the fee, rather than the success banner.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 80-85: Send success banner does not include a fee for HD wallet sends
  Session Setup §5 steps 7 and 12 (lines 80, 85), TC-SND-005-01 step 9 and Expected Result (~line 306-308), and Session Cleanup §1 step 7 / §2 step 6 (~lines 573, 583) all assert the success banner 'reports the broadcast transaction, including the fee paid.' That assertion does not match the code. `WalletSendScreen::display_task_result` handles the only success variant produced by HD wallet Send — `BackendTaskSuccessResult::WalletPayment` — at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2694-2710 by formatting `SendStatus::Complete("Sent {amount} to {address}")` with no fee. The `\n\nFee: Estimated {} • Actual {}` line only appears in the `TransferredCredits` arm at src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:2712-2719, which is a platform credit transfer, not an HD-wallet Send. Testers following the doc will see a success heading like 'Sent 1.0000 DASH to y…' with no fee surfaced anywhere on the screen, then either fail the verification or fabricate a result. Rewrite the affected steps so the banner is verified to show the sent amount and destination address; if fee reporting must remain in the smoke test, point at the post-send Transactions row, which exposes the fee, rather than the success banner.
```
</details>

13. Click **"Back to Wallet"**.
14. Wait for both transactions to appear in the **"Transactions"** section and confirm.
15. Select the **Send Test** wallet — verify **"Core balance:"** shows ~1 tDASH.
16. Select the **Identity Test** wallet — verify **"Core balance:"** shows ~3 tDASH.

---

## Network and Settings (NET)

### TC-NET-010-01: Onboarding wizard

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-010 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-010-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify onboarding wizard on fresh start |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET data directory removed (fresh start — see [test-prerequisites.md](test-prerequisites.md#fresh-start-for-onboarding-tests)); `.env` file in place |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Launch DET.<br>2. Verify the welcome screen appears with three cards: **"Create Wallet"**, **"Import Wallet"**, and **"Just Explore"**.<br>3. Click **"Just Explore"**.<br>4. Verify the app loads — the left sidebar shows navigation items (**"Wallets"**, **"Identities"**, **"Contracts"**, **"Tokens"**, **"Tools"**, **"Settings"**, etc.) and no wallet is selected. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=46e137f6c8e2 dedupe=2d8fef1eb465c21d -->
**💬 Nitpick: TC-NET-010-01 omits the Dashpay sidebar item from the expected navigation**

The expected sidebar list reads **"Wallets"**, **"Identities"**, **"Contracts"**, **"Tokens"**, **"Tools"**, **"Settings"**, etc., but the app has a top-level **"Dashpay"** entry (`src/ui/components/left_panel.rs:121-122`) and later cases instruct the tester to click **"Dashpay"**. Listing it here keeps the onboarding verification consistent with the rest of the suite.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

| **Short Description** | Verify the send success banner reports the sent amount and destination, and the fee is visible from the post-send Transactions row |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Send Test** wallet selected with >= 1 tDASH |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Send Test** wallet.<br>3. Click **"Send"**.<br>4. In the **"Send to"** field (hint: *"Enter address (X.../y.../evo1.../tevo1...)"*), enter `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}`.<br>5. In the **"Amount"** field (hint: *"Enter amount"*), enter `0.01`.<br>6. Click **"Send"** in the form.<br>7. Verify the form is replaced by a spinner and a **"Sending..."** heading while the transaction is broadcast.<br>8. Wait for the success banner.<br>9. Verify the success banner shows **"Sent 0.01 DASH to ${BANK_ADDRESS_0}"** (sent amount and destination address).<br>10. Click **"Back to Wallet"**.<br>11. Locate the just-sent transaction in the **"Transactions"** section and verify the fee is reported on that row.<br>12. Select the **Bank** wallet and verify the **"Transactions"** section shows the incoming 0.01 tDASH transaction. |
| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.01` tDASH, Destination: `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}` |

> | **Expected Result** | The success banner shows the sent amount and destination address. The fee paid is visible on the post-send row in the sender's **"Transactions"** section. The receiving wallet shows the incoming 0.01 tDASH transaction. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=c34e8524ae3d dedupe=7629f38af3b7c9d1 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-SND-005-01 verifies a fee on the Transactions row, but the UI has no fee column**

The rewrite moved the fee assertion from the success banner (correctly, since it isn't there) to the wallet's Transactions section, but that surface does not expose a fee either. render_transactions_section() in src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:1004-1083 builds a table with exactly five columns — Date, Type, Amount, Status, TxID — and the per-row rendering (lines 1052-1081) emits only those five values; there is no fee column, tooltip, or expanded row. Step 11 ('verify the fee is reported on that row') and the Expected Result cannot be satisfied by the current UI, so TC-SND-005-01 will still fail. Either drop the fee verification or point QA to a fee surface that actually exists (for example, deriving fee from balance delta or from a different developer view if one is intended).

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 304-308: TC-SND-005-01 verifies a fee on the Transactions row, but the UI has no fee column
  The rewrite moved the fee assertion from the success banner (correctly, since it isn't there) to the wallet's Transactions section, but that surface does not expose a fee either. render_transactions_section() in src/ui/wallets/wallets_screen/mod.rs:1004-1083 builds a table with exactly five columns — Date, Type, Amount, Status, TxID — and the per-row rendering (lines 1052-1081) emits only those five values; there is no fee column, tooltip, or expanded row. Step 11 ('verify the fee is reported on that row') and the Expected Result cannot be satisfied by the current UI, so TC-SND-005-01 will still fail. Either drop the fee verification or point QA to a fee surface that actually exists (for example, deriving fee from balance delta or from a different developer view if one is intended).
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | 0.01 tDASH transferred from **Send Test** to **Bank**. |

### TC-SND-001-01: Send Dash to an address

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | SND-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-SND-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Send tDASH from the Send Test wallet to the bank wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Send Test** wallet selected with >= 0.5 tDASH |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Send Test** wallet.<br>3. Note the current **"Core balance:"** value.<br>4. Click **"Send"**.<br>5. In the **"Send to"** field (hint: *"Enter address (X.../y.../evo1.../tevo1...)"*), enter `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}`.<br>6. In the **"Amount"** field (hint: *"Enter amount"*), enter `0.1`.<br>7. Click **"Send"** in the form.<br>8. Verify the form is replaced by a spinner and a **"Sending..."** heading while the transaction is broadcast.<br>9. Click **"Back to Wallet"**.<br>10. Wait for the transaction to appear in the **"Transactions"** section.<br>11. Verify **"Core balance:"** decreased by approximately 0.1 tDASH plus the fee.<br>12. Select the **Bank** wallet.<br>13. Verify the **"Transactions"** section shows the incoming 0.1 tDASH transaction. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=a5605f61f6f7 dedupe=ba52b996d63808bf -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-SND-001-01 step 9 clicks 'Back to Wallet' from the spinner state where that button does not exist**

Step 8 correctly says the send form is replaced by the spinner and 'Sending...' heading, but step 9 immediately instructs the tester to click 'Back to Wallet'. In src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:1102-1140, 'Back to Wallet' is rendered only inside the SendStatus::Complete arm (lines 1104-1118); the SendStatus::WaitingForResult arm shown after submission renders only the spinner, the 'Sending...' heading, and an elapsed-time label (lines 1124-1140). A literal tester cannot perform step 9 from the state produced by step 8. Insert an explicit wait-for-success-banner step between steps 8 and 9 (mirroring the Session Setup and TC-SND-005-01 sequences, which correctly wait for the banner before clicking 'Back to Wallet').

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 319: TC-SND-001-01 step 9 clicks 'Back to Wallet' from the spinner state where that button does not exist
  Step 8 correctly says the send form is replaced by the spinner and 'Sending...' heading, but step 9 immediately instructs the tester to click 'Back to Wallet'. In src/ui/wallets/send_screen.rs:1102-1140, 'Back to Wallet' is rendered only inside the SendStatus::Complete arm (lines 1104-1118); the SendStatus::WaitingForResult arm shown after submission renders only the spinner, the 'Sending...' heading, and an elapsed-time label (lines 1124-1140). A literal tester cannot perform step 9 from the state produced by step 8. Insert an explicit wait-for-success-banner step between steps 8 and 9 (mirroring the Session Setup and TC-SND-005-01 sequences, which correctly wait for the banner before clicking 'Back to Wallet').
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.1` tDASH, Destination: `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}` |
| **Expected Result** | Transaction broadcasts. Sender balance decreases. Receiver shows the incoming transaction. |
| **Post-Condition** | 0.1 tDASH transferred from **Send Test** to **Bank**. |

---

## Asset Locks (ALK)

### TC-ALK-001-01: Create an asset lock

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | ALK-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-ALK-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create an asset lock from the Identity Test wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Identity Test** wallet selected with >= 2 tDASH |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Identity Test** wallet.<br>3. In the **"Asset Locks"** section, click **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>4. Verify the breadcrumb/heading shows **Wallets > Create Asset Lock** / **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>5. Under **"Select Asset Lock Purpose"**, click **"Registration"**.<br>6. In **"Select how much you would like to transfer?"**, enter `0.5` tDASH.<br>7. Review the generated funding address/QR code and the estimated fee.<br>8. Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address if prompted, then wait through **"Waiting for funds..."** and **"Waiting for Core Chain to produce proof of asset lock..."**.<br>9. Verify **"Asset Lock Created Successfully!"** and wait for the asset lock transaction/proof to confirm. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=31e768c00ef9 dedupe=d6585837773bd278 -->
**💬 Nitpick: TC-ALK-001-01 step 8 is ambiguous about when to send funds**

Step 8 says to send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address "if prompted". The asset-lock flow can use existing wallet UTXOs, so a tester may not know whether this manual self-send is always required, only required when the wallet has no suitable UTXO, or optional. Clarify the condition for the manual send, or remove the step if pre-funding the Identity Test wallet is sufficient.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

| **Test Data** | Funding: asset lock from TC-ALK-001-01 |
| **Expected Result** | Identity registered. Identity ID displayed. Credits balance > 0. |
| **Post-Condition** | New identity available for DPNS, DashPay, and token tests. |

### TC-IDN-004-01: Top up identity credits

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-004 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-004-01 |
| **Short Description** | Add credits to an existing identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists; **Identity Test** wallet has remaining funds |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity created in TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Open top-up and verify the breadcrumb shows **Top Up Identity**.<br>4. Under **"Choose your funding method"**, choose **"Wallet Balance"** or **"Unused Asset Locks"**, whichever is available.<br>5. Enter amount: `0.1` tDASH worth of credits.<br>6. Confirm the top-up transaction.<br>7. Wait for Platform confirmation.<br>8. Verify the identity's credit balance increased. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=a48404ebfd37 dedupe=acd4d977368f2abf -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-IDN-004-01 step 3 'Open top-up' should name the actual '💰 Top up' button**

Step 3 says 'Open top-up and verify the breadcrumb shows "Top Up Identity".' The per-identity button on the Identities screen is labelled '💰 Top up' (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:648). For consistency with the rest of the suite, rewrite step 3 as: 'Click the "💰 Top up" button for that identity and verify the breadcrumb shows "Top Up Identity".'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 366: TC-IDN-004-01 step 3 'Open top-up' should name the actual '💰 Top up' button
  Step 3 says 'Open top-up and verify the breadcrumb shows "Top Up Identity".' The per-identity button on the Identities screen is labelled '💰 Top up' (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:648). For consistency with the rest of the suite, rewrite step 3 as: 'Click the "💰 Top up" button for that identity and verify the breadcrumb shows "Top Up Identity".'
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-IDN-009-01: Refresh identity state

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | IDN-009 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-IDN-009-01 |
| **Short Description** | Manually refresh identity data from the network |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Click the **"Refresh"** button in the top panel.<br>4. Wait for the refresh to complete.<br>5. Verify the credit balance and key state update without error. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Identity data refreshed. Updated balance and keys reflected. No error messages. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

---

## DPNS (DPN)

### TC-DPN-001-01: Register a DPNS username

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPN-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPN-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Register a unique DPNS username for the test identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 with sufficient credits |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Identities"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the identity from TC-IDN-001-01.<br>3. Navigate to DPNS registration — the heading reads **"Register DPNS Name"**.<br>4. Enter a unique username: `detsmoke-{timestamp}` (e.g., `detsmoke-1710770000`).<br>5. Review the cost estimate.<br>6. Click **"Register Name"**.<br>7. Wait for Platform confirmation. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=e538cb88c333 dedupe=c9bd0f39f8ae31ff -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-DPN-001-01 step 3 doesn't name the button used to reach the DPNS registration screen**

Step 3 reads 'Navigate to DPNS registration — the heading reads "Register DPNS Name"', which is a verification rather than an action. The actual navigation is clicking the per-identity '📛 Register DPNS Name' button (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:684). Every other navigation step in this suite names the literal button label (e.g., TC-IDN-008-01 step 3 says 'Click the "Keys" button'). Rewrite as: 'Click the "📛 Register DPNS Name" button for that identity and verify the heading reads "Register DPNS Name".'

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 409: TC-DPN-001-01 step 3 doesn't name the button used to reach the DPNS registration screen
  Step 3 reads 'Navigate to DPNS registration — the heading reads "Register DPNS Name"', which is a verification rather than an action. The actual navigation is clicking the per-identity '📛 Register DPNS Name' button (src/ui/identities/identities_screen.rs:684). Every other navigation step in this suite names the literal button label (e.g., TC-IDN-008-01 step 3 says 'Click the "Keys" button'). Rewrite as: 'Click the "📛 Register DPNS Name" button for that identity and verify the heading reads "Register DPNS Name".'
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Display Name: `Smoke Test Bot`, Bio: `Automated QA testing` |
| **Expected Result** | Profile created. Display name and bio visible on the profile screen. |
| **Post-Condition** | Profile exists for search test. |

### TC-DPY-002-01: Search DashPay profiles

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPY-002 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPY-002-01 |
| **Short Description** | Search for a known DashPay profile by username |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DashPay profile created in TC-DPY-001-01 |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Dashpay"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"Search Profiles"** in the DashPay subscreen chooser.<br>3. Locate the search field (hint: *"Enter DPNS username..."*).<br>4. Type the username registered in TC-DPN-001-01.<br>5. Verify search results appear.<br>6. Verify the result shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio/Status:** `Automated QA testing`. |

> | **Test Data** | Search query: username from TC-DPN-001-01 |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=bf3a5177dd9a dedupe=c1a3067016ad1a46 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-DPY-001-01 step 10 and TC-DPY-002-01 step 6 assert a 'Bio/Status:' label that only exists in edit mode**

Both steps tell QA to verify the profile shows 'Bio/Status: Automated QA testing'. In src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs, 'Bio/Status:' is only the edit-form label (line 786); the display/view side renders the same field under 'Bio:' (line 1230). After Save Profile (step 8), the screen switches back to display mode and a literal tester will see 'Bio:', not 'Bio/Status:', and may mark the case as failed. Update the verification text in both cases to use 'Bio:' (or describe both states explicitly).

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 452-466: TC-DPY-001-01 step 10 and TC-DPY-002-01 step 6 assert a 'Bio/Status:' label that only exists in edit mode
  Both steps tell QA to verify the profile shows 'Bio/Status: Automated QA testing'. In src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs, 'Bio/Status:' is only the edit-form label (line 786); the display/view side renders the same field under 'Bio:' (line 1230). After Save Profile (step 8), the screen switches back to display mode and a literal tester will see 'Bio:', not 'Bio/Status:', and may mark the case as failed. Update the verification text in both cases to use 'Bio:' (or describe both states explicitly).
```
</details>

| **Expected Result** | Token is added successfully and saved as a locally tracked token in **"My Tokens"**. The tracked entry is visible by **Token Name** or **Token ID**; token balance may remain zero or absent unless a local identity holds a non-zero balance. |
| **Post-Condition** | Token available for viewing. |

---

## Contracts and Documents (DOC)

### TC-DOC-003-01: Import a contract by ID

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DOC-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DOC-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | Import the DPNS system contract by ID |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Contracts"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click the **"Add Contracts"** button.<br>3. Verify the breadcrumb reads **Contracts > Add Contracts**.<br>4. Enter the DPNS contract ID in the input field.<br>5. Confirm the import.<br>6. Verify the contract appears in the contracts list with its name and available document types. |
| **Test Data** | DPNS contract ID (system contract, available on testnet) |
| **Expected Result** | Contract imported. Shows contract name and document types in the list. |

> | **Post-Condition** | DPNS contract available for document browsing. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=ffffeb0297ea dedupe=389b54b318cd429f -->
**🟡 Suggestion: Token and contract import cases are not reproducible from the documented inputs**

TC-TOK-003-01 requires "a known token contract ID" and TC-DOC-003-01 requires the DPNS contract ID, but neither `test-prerequisites.md` nor Session Setup provides concrete values or a discovery procedure for either one. These weekly smoke cases therefore depend on out-of-band tribal knowledge instead of the formal test spec. Add stable testnet IDs to the prerequisites/Test Data rows, or add explicit discovery steps before execution.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] lines 500-528: Token and contract import cases are not reproducible from the documented inputs
  TC-TOK-003-01 requires "a known token contract ID" and TC-DOC-003-01 requires the DPNS contract ID, but neither `test-prerequisites.md` nor Session Setup provides concrete values or a discovery procedure for either one. These weekly smoke cases therefore depend on out-of-band tribal knowledge instead of the formal test spec. Add stable testnet IDs to the prerequisites/Test Data rows, or add explicit discovery steps before execution.
```
</details>

8. Click **"Send Another"**.
9. In the **"Send to"** field, enter `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`.
10. In the **"Amount"** field, enter `3`.
11. Click **"Send"** in the form and verify the form is replaced by a spinner and a **"Sending..."** heading while the transaction is broadcast.
12. Wait for the success banner and verify it shows **"Sent 3 DASH to ${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}"** (sent amount and destination address).
13. Click **"Back to Wallet"**.
14. Wait for both transactions to appear in the **"Transactions"** section and confirm.
15. Select the **Send Test** wallet — verify **"Core balance:"** shows ~1 tDASH.
16. Select the **Identity Test** wallet — verify **"Core balance:"** shows ~3 tDASH.

---

## Network and Settings (NET)

### TC-NET-010-01: Onboarding wizard

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | NET-010 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-NET-010-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify onboarding wizard on fresh start |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET data directory removed (fresh start — see [test-prerequisites.md](test-prerequisites.md#fresh-start-for-onboarding-tests)); `.env` file in place |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Launch DET.<br>2. Verify the welcome screen appears with three cards: **"Create Wallet"**, **"Import Wallet"**, and **"Just Explore"**.<br>3. Click **"Just Explore"**.<br>4. Verify the app loads — the left sidebar shows navigation items (**"Wallets"**, **"Identities"**, **"Contracts"**, **"Tokens"**, **"Tools"**, **"Settings"**, etc.) and no wallet is selected. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=264b99ecda80 dedupe=dca4cb715245bbe4 -->
**💬 Nitpick: TC-NET-010-01 step 4 sidebar list omits Dashpay**

Step 4 enumerates the expected left-sidebar items as **Wallets**, **Identities**, **Contracts**, **Tokens**, **Tools**, **Settings**, etc., but `add_left_panel` in src/ui/components/left_panel.rs:119-155 registers **Dashpay** as the first top-level entry — and subsequent cases in this same suite (TC-DPY-001-01, TC-DPY-002-01) tell the tester to click **Dashpay**. Listing it in the onboarding verification keeps the sidebar enumeration consistent with the real UI and avoids implying that a missing **Dashpay** item would be acceptable.

<sub>source: ['claude', 'codex']</sub>

| **Test Case ID** | TC-WAL-005-01 |
| **Short Description** | Rename the Created Wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | `Created Wallet` exists |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Locate **Created Wallet** in the wallet list.<br>3. Click the **"Rename"** button next to it.<br>4. A **"Rename Wallet"** dialog appears with a text field (hint: *"Enter wallet name"*).<br>5. Clear the existing name and type `Renamed Wallet`.<br>6. Confirm the rename.<br>7. Verify the wallet list now shows **Renamed Wallet** instead of **Created Wallet**.<br>8. Quit and re-launch DET.<br>9. Click **"Wallets"** — verify the wallet is still named **Renamed Wallet**. |
| **Test Data** | New name: `Renamed Wallet` |
| **Expected Result** | Wallet name updates immediately in the list. Name persists after app restart. |
| **Post-Condition** | Wallet is now named `Renamed Wallet`. |

### TC-WAL-008-01: View wallet balances

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | WAL-008 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-WAL-008-01 |
| **Short Description** | Verify balance display for the bank wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Bank** wallet imported and synced |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Bank** wallet.<br>3. Verify **"Core balance:"** is displayed with a value >= 10 tDASH (format: `X.XXXX DASH`).<br>4. Verify **"Platform balance:"** is displayed (may show `0.0000 DASH` if no credits loaded). |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=7fcca050f7e2 dedupe=79c598623875c832 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Bank wallet balance checks are impossible after Session Setup when using the documented minimum funding**

The docs tell testers to start with a Bank wallet balance of at least `10 tDASH` in `docs/test-prerequisites.md:159`, then Session Setup spends `1` DASH to `Send Test` and `3` DASH to `Identity Test` in `docs/test-cases.md:75-90`. After that outflow, `TC-WAL-004-01` and `TC-WAL-008-01` still require the Bank wallet to show `>= 10 tDASH`, which is no longer true for a tester who followed the documented minimum. That makes these cases fail even when the product behaves correctly, so the suite is not internally reproducible as written. The docs need to either raise the required starting Bank balance enough to cover setup spending and fees, or relax these later assertions to check for a remaining positive or sufficient balance instead of the original pre-setup minimum.

<sub>source: ['codex-general']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 199-225: Bank wallet balance checks are impossible after Session Setup when using the documented minimum funding
  The docs tell testers to start with a Bank wallet balance of at least `10 tDASH` in `docs/test-prerequisites.md:159`, then Session Setup spends `1` DASH to `Send Test` and `3` DASH to `Identity Test` in `docs/test-cases.md:75-90`. After that outflow, `TC-WAL-004-01` and `TC-WAL-008-01` still require the Bank wallet to show `>= 10 tDASH`, which is no longer true for a tester who followed the documented minimum. That makes these cases fail even when the product behaves correctly, so the suite is not internally reproducible as written. The docs need to either raise the required starting Bank balance enough to cover setup spending and fees, or relax these later assertions to check for a remaining positive or sufficient balance instead of the original pre-setup minimum.
```
</details>

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Bank** wallet.<br>3. Verify **"Core balance:"** is displayed with a value >= 10 tDASH (format: `X.XXXX DASH`).<br>4. Verify **"Platform balance:"** is displayed (may show `0.0000 DASH` if no credits loaded). |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=663085ce3088 dedupe=09cf3b80dcb7dbd9 -->
**🔴 Blocking: Later Bank balance checks contradict the documented setup funding flow**

`TC-WAL-004-01` step 5 and `TC-WAL-008-01` step 3 require the Bank wallet to show `>= 10 tDASH`, but Session Setup already spends from that wallet before either test runs. In `docs/test-cases.md:75-90`, the documented setup sends `1 DASH` to `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}` and `3 DASH` to `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`, plus transaction fees. At the same time, `docs/test-prerequisites.md:159-161` says a `15 tDASH` minimum covers the setup outflow and still leaves `>= 10 tDASH` for later checks. That arithmetic does not hold: a Bank wallet starting at the documented minimum will fall below the later assertion threshold after the two sends and fees, so a tester can follow the spec exactly and still fail these cases. The docs need one consistent rule: either raise the required starting balance enough to preserve the later threshold, or weaken the later assertions so they only require a valid positive remaining balance.

<sub>source: ['codex-general']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 199-225: Later Bank balance checks contradict the documented setup funding flow
  `TC-WAL-004-01` step 5 and `TC-WAL-008-01` step 3 require the Bank wallet to show `>= 10 tDASH`, but Session Setup already spends from that wallet before either test runs. In `docs/test-cases.md:75-90`, the documented setup sends `1 DASH` to `${TC_SND_ADDRESS_0}` and `3 DASH` to `${TC_IDN_ADDRESS_0}`, plus transaction fees. At the same time, `docs/test-prerequisites.md:159-161` says a `15 tDASH` minimum covers the setup outflow and still leaves `>= 10 tDASH` for later checks. That arithmetic does not hold: a Bank wallet starting at the documented minimum will fall below the later assertion threshold after the two sends and fees, so a tester can follow the spec exactly and still fail these cases. The docs need one consistent rule: either raise the required starting balance enough to preserve the later threshold, or weaken the later assertions so they only require a valid positive remaining balance.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Amount: `0.1` tDASH, Destination: `${BANK_ADDRESS_0}` |
| **Expected Result** | Transaction broadcasts. Sender balance decreases. Receiver shows the incoming transaction. |
| **Post-Condition** | 0.1 tDASH transferred from **Send Test** to **Bank**. |

---

## Asset Locks (ALK)

### TC-ALK-001-01: Create an asset lock

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | ALK-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-ALK-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create an asset lock from the Identity Test wallet |
| **Pre-Conditions** | **Identity Test** wallet selected with >= 2 tDASH |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Identity Test** wallet.<br>3. In the **"Asset Locks"** section, click **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>4. Verify the breadcrumb/heading shows **Wallets > Create Asset Lock** / **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>5. Under **"Select Asset Lock Purpose"**, click **"Registration"**.<br>6. In **"Select how much you would like to transfer?"**, enter `0.5` tDASH.<br>7. Review the generated funding address/QR code.<br>8. Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address if prompted, then wait through **"Waiting for funds..."** and **"Waiting for Core Chain to produce proof of asset lock..."**.<br>9. Verify **"Asset Lock Created Successfully!"** and wait for the asset lock transaction/proof to confirm. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=44999557e57b dedupe=9d68ee9a2bf6ed26 -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-ALK-001-01 implies the funding transfer may be optional even though the flow cannot proceed without it**

Step 8 says to send funds to the displayed address "if prompted", but the asset-lock screen starts in `WaitingOnFunds` and only advances after a UTXO is detected for the generated funding address. The flow does not consume the wallet's existing balance directly, so skipping the self-send leaves the test stuck on `Waiting for funds...`. The case should instruct the tester to perform the transfer, not present it as conditional.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 337: TC-ALK-001-01 implies the funding transfer may be optional even though the flow cannot proceed without it
  Step 8 says to send funds to the displayed address "if prompted", but the asset-lock screen starts in `WaitingOnFunds` and only advances after a UTXO is detected for the generated funding address. The flow does not consume the wallet's existing balance directly, so skipping the self-send leaves the test stuck on `Waiting for funds...`. The case should instruct the tester to perform the transfer, not present it as conditional.
```
</details>

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Identity Test** wallet.<br>3. In the **"Asset Locks"** section, click **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>4. Verify the breadcrumb/heading shows **Wallets > Create Asset Lock** / **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>5. Under **"Select Asset Lock Purpose"**, click **"Registration"**.<br>6. In **"Select how much you would like to transfer?"**, enter `0.5` tDASH.<br>7. Review the generated funding address/QR code and the estimated fee.<br>8. Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address if prompted, then wait through **"Waiting for funds..."** and **"Waiting for Core Chain to produce proof of asset lock..."**.<br>9. Verify **"Asset Lock Created Successfully!"** and wait for the asset lock transaction/proof to confirm. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=92a79d8f8e00 dedupe=bbbde42e74da355f -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-ALK-001-01 step 7 tells the tester to review an 'estimated fee' that the asset lock screen does not render**

Step 7 reads: 'Review the generated funding address/QR code and the estimated fee.' Grepping src/ui/wallets/create_asset_lock_screen.rs for 'fee'/'Fee'/'estimated' returns zero matches — the create-asset-lock screen renders an amount input, a QR code/funding address, and waiting/success headings, but no fee summary. Either drop the 'estimated fee' verification from step 7, or move that check to TC-IDN-001-01 step 7 (which already mentions 'Verify the **Estimated Fee:** summary' on the identity-creation screen where a fee really is shown).

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 337: TC-ALK-001-01 step 7 tells the tester to review an 'estimated fee' that the asset lock screen does not render
  Step 7 reads: 'Review the generated funding address/QR code and the estimated fee.' Grepping src/ui/wallets/create_asset_lock_screen.rs for 'fee'/'Fee'/'estimated' returns zero matches — the create-asset-lock screen renders an amount input, a QR code/funding address, and waiting/success headings, but no fee summary. Either drop the 'estimated fee' verification from step 7, or move that check to TC-IDN-001-01 step 7 (which already mentions 'Verify the **Estimated Fee:** summary' on the identity-creation screen where a fee really is shown).
```
</details>

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Wallets"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **Identity Test** wallet.<br>3. In the **"Asset Locks"** section, click **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>4. Verify the breadcrumb/heading shows **Wallets > Create Asset Lock** / **"Create Asset Lock"**.<br>5. Under **"Select Asset Lock Purpose"**, click **"Registration"**.<br>6. In **"Select how much you would like to transfer?"**, enter `0.5` tDASH.<br>7. Review the generated funding address/QR code and the estimated fee.<br>8. Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address if prompted, then wait through **"Waiting for funds..."** and **"Waiting for Core Chain to produce proof of asset lock..."**.<br>9. Verify **"Asset Lock Created Successfully!"** and wait for the asset lock transaction/proof to confirm. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=cdbbf9ab2e80 dedupe=78b5f91d12f4c297 -->
**💬 Nitpick: TC-ALK-001-01 step 8 'if prompted' wording is misleading — the manual self-send is always required**

Step 8 reads 'Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed address if prompted...'. The asset-lock flow in src/ui/wallets/create_asset_lock_screen.rs always generates a dedicated funding address/QR and sits in `WalletFundedScreenStep::WaitingOnFunds` ('Waiting for funds...') until a UTXO arrives at that funding address. There is no path where the flow auto-completes without the tester sending funds — the 'if prompted' qualifier implies the manual transfer might be skipped, which can leave a tester stuck on 'Waiting for funds...' indefinitely. State the action unconditionally: 'Send funds from the **Identity Test** wallet to the displayed funding address (this is required to advance past *Waiting for funds...*), then wait through *Waiting for funds...* and *Waiting for Core Chain to produce proof of asset lock...*'.

<sub>source: ['claude', 'codex']</sub>

| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | The registered username appears in the owned names list. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-DPN-003-01: View active name contests

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPN-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPN-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | View the DPNS name contests screen |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, SPV synced |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tools"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. In the tools subscreen chooser, click **"DPNS"**.<br>3. Verify the **"Active contests"** view is selected.<br>4. Verify the screen loads without error.<br>5. If contests exist, verify each shows status and vote information. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | Contests screen loads. Any listed contests show status and vote counts. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

---

## DashPay (DPY)

### TC-DPY-001-01: Create a DashPay profile

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPY-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPY-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | Create a DashPay profile for the test identity |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 with DPNS username and sufficient credits |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Dashpay"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"My Profile"** in the DashPay subscreen chooser.<br>3. Click **"Refresh"** in the top panel and wait for the profile view to load.<br>4. If the **"No DashPay Profile"** card appears, click **"Create Profile"**.<br>5. In the **"Display Name:"** field (hint: *"Enter your display name (required)"*), type `Smoke Test Bot`.<br>6. In the **"Bio/Status:"** field, type `Automated QA testing`.<br>7. Leave the **"Avatar URL:"** field empty.<br>8. Click **"Save Profile"**.<br>9. Wait for Platform confirmation.<br>10. Verify the profile screen shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio:** `Automated QA testing`. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=9099bc6e456e dedupe=5522a067013bb141 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DPY-001-01 step 10 asserts a 'Display Name:' label that the profile display view does not render**

Step 10 reads: 'Verify the profile screen shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio:** `Automated QA testing`.' In src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs the display-mode view renders the display name as a bare heading (line 1177: `ui.label(RichText::new(&profile.display_name).heading())`) with no field label preceding it. Only the bio gets a label — 'Bio:' at line 1230. The 'Display Name:' label only appears in edit mode. A QA tester following step 10 literally will look for the 'Display Name:' label on the post-Save view, fail to find it, and mark this case as failed. This is the same class of bug as the previously-resolved DPY-002 issue, but on the My Profile display side. Re-word step 10 to verify the display name appears as the prominent heading (and the username as `@<dpns-name>` below it) and that **Bio:** `Automated QA testing` appears as a labeled field underneath.

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 453: TC-DPY-001-01 step 10 asserts a 'Display Name:' label that the profile display view does not render
  Step 10 reads: 'Verify the profile screen shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio:** `Automated QA testing`.' In src/ui/dashpay/profile_screen.rs the display-mode view renders the display name as a bare heading (line 1177: `ui.label(RichText::new(&profile.display_name).heading())`) with no field label preceding it. Only the bio gets a label — 'Bio:' at line 1230. The 'Display Name:' label only appears in edit mode. A QA tester following step 10 literally will look for the 'Display Name:' label on the post-Save view, fail to find it, and mark this case as failed. This is the same class of bug as the previously-resolved DPY-002 issue, but on the My Profile display side. Re-word step 10 to verify the display name appears as the prominent heading (and the username as `@<dpns-name>` below it) and that **Bio:** `Automated QA testing` appears as a labeled field underneath.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Display Name: `Smoke Test Bot`, Bio: `Automated QA testing` |
| **Expected Result** | Profile created. Display name and bio visible on the profile screen. |
| **Post-Condition** | Profile exists for search test. |

### TC-DPY-002-01: Search DashPay profiles

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DPY-002 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DPY-002-01 |
| **Short Description** | Search for a known DashPay profile by username |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DashPay profile created in TC-DPY-001-01 |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Dashpay"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click **"Search Profiles"** in the DashPay subscreen chooser.<br>3. Locate the search field (hint: *"Enter DPNS username..."*).<br>4. Type the username registered in TC-DPN-001-01.<br>5. Verify search results appear.<br>6. Verify the result shows **Display Name:** `Smoke Test Bot` and **Bio:** `Automated QA testing`. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=ea891a9fe2e9 dedupe=4f447b57e9a30e1e -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-DPY-002-01 search flow is non-executable: missing trigger and asserts labels the search UI doesn't render**

Two issues make this case non-executable as written:

1. Step 4 only says "Type the username" and step 5 jumps straight to "Verify search results appear," but the Profile Search UI does not search on plain typing. `src/ui/dashpay/profile_search.rs:142-150` dispatches the query only when the text field loses focus with Enter pressed, or when the `Search` button is clicked. A tester following the steps literally will sit on an empty results view forever.

2. Step 6 verifies labelled fields **Display Name:** and **Bio:** on the result, but `profile_search.rs:187-216` renders the username as the primary heading, then the display name as an unlabeled secondary line, and the public_message as unlabeled italic preview text. There is no `Display Name:` or `Bio:` label on the result card. The labelled assertions belong on the My Profile view (TC-DPY-001-01 step 10), not here.

Add an explicit Enter/Search click step and re-word the verification to match what the search card actually shows.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 466: TC-DPY-002-01 search flow is non-executable: missing trigger and asserts labels the search UI doesn't render
  Two issues make this case non-executable as written:

1. Step 4 only says "Type the username" and step 5 jumps straight to "Verify search results appear," but the Profile Search UI does not search on plain typing. `src/ui/dashpay/profile_search.rs:142-150` dispatches the query only when the text field loses focus with Enter pressed, or when the `Search` button is clicked. A tester following the steps literally will sit on an empty results view forever.

2. Step 6 verifies labelled fields **Display Name:** and **Bio:** on the result, but `profile_search.rs:187-216` renders the username as the primary heading, then the display name as an unlabeled secondary line, and the public_message as unlabeled italic preview text. There is no `Display Name:` or `Bio:` label on the result card. The labelled assertions belong on the My Profile view (TC-DPY-001-01 step 10), not here.

Add an explicit Enter/Search click step and re-word the verification to match what the search card actually shows.
```
</details>

| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

---

## Token Operations (TOK)

### TC-TOK-001-01: View token balances

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | TOK-001 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-TOK-001-01 |
| **Short Description** | View the My Tokens tab |
| **Pre-Conditions** | Identity from TC-IDN-001-01 exists (may hold 0 tokens) |
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tokens"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **"My Tokens"** tab.<br>3. Verify the screen loads without error.<br>4. If tokens are held, verify each shows a name and balance.<br>5. If no tokens are held, verify an empty state is displayed gracefully. |
| **Test Data** | N/A |
| **Expected Result** | **"My Tokens"** tab loads. Held tokens show name and balance, or a clean empty state is shown. |
| **Post-Condition** | N/A |

### TC-TOK-002-01: Search and discover tokens

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | TOK-002 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-TOK-002-01 |
| **Short Description** | Search for tokens by keyword |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet, SPV synced |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Tokens"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Select the **"Search Tokens"** tab.<br>3. Enter the keyword `test` in the search field.<br>4. Execute the search.<br>5. Verify results appear, or a "no results" message is shown.<br>6. If results appear, verify each entry shows a token name and metadata. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=604aa0750bd8 dedupe=2dcd8a0651fcae70 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-TOK-002-01 verifies token-level fields, but the search screen returns contract rows**

Step 6 tells testers to expect each result entry to show a token name and metadata, but the `Search Tokens` screen renders a contract-oriented table with `Contract ID`, `Contract Description`, and an action column. The empty state is also contract-oriented, and the next smoke case (`TC-TOK-003-01`) explicitly depends on recording a `Contract ID` from this results table. A tester following the current wording can fail the case even when the UI is behaving correctly because the documented assertions do not match the implemented screen.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] line 496: TC-TOK-002-01 verifies token-level fields, but the search screen returns contract rows
  Step 6 tells testers to expect each result entry to show a token name and metadata, but the `Search Tokens` screen renders a contract-oriented table with `Contract ID`, `Contract Description`, and an action column. The empty state is also contract-oriented, and the next smoke case (`TC-TOK-003-01`) explicitly depends on recording a `Contract ID` from this results table. A tester following the current wording can fail the case even when the UI is behaving correctly because the documented assertions do not match the implemented screen.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Keyword: `test` |
| **Expected Result** | Search executes without error. Results or empty-state message displayed. |

> | **Post-Condition** | `${TC_TOK_CONTRACT_ID}` recorded from a result row, or TC-TOK-003-01 blocked if no rows are returned. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=3662cb65e082 dedupe=aff573730a041fa1 -->
**🔴 Blocking: TC-TOK-002-01 leaves the suite blocked in the documented success path when the search returns no rows**

This case explicitly allows the empty-state outcome in step 5 and in the expected result, but the next case still depends on a `Contract ID` produced here. The implementation matches that behavior: `ContractSearchStatus::Complete` shows either `No tokens match your keyword.` when `results.is_empty()` or a table with `Contract ID`, `Contract Description`, and a `More Info` action when rows exist (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/keyword_search.rs:115-140`, `178-240`). As written, TC-TOK-002-01 can finish successfully without producing `${TC_TOK_CONTRACT_ID}`, which means the suite immediately blocks on TC-TOK-003-01. The test case needs to make that dependency part of TC-TOK-002-01's executable outcome instead of treating the no-results branch as an equivalent success state.

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [BLOCKING] lines 496-499: TC-TOK-002-01 leaves the suite blocked in the documented success path when the search returns no rows
  This case explicitly allows the empty-state outcome in step 5 and in the expected result, but the next case still depends on a `Contract ID` produced here. The implementation matches that behavior: `ContractSearchStatus::Complete` shows either `No tokens match your keyword.` when `results.is_empty()` or a table with `Contract ID`, `Contract Description`, and a `More Info` action when rows exist (`src/ui/tokens/tokens_screen/keyword_search.rs:115-140`, `178-240`). As written, TC-TOK-002-01 can finish successfully without producing `${TC_TOK_CONTRACT_ID}`, which means the suite immediately blocks on TC-TOK-003-01. The test case needs to make that dependency part of TC-TOK-002-01's executable outcome instead of treating the no-results branch as an equivalent success state.
```
</details>

| **Test Data** | Contract ID: `${TC_TOK_CONTRACT_ID}` (recorded from a TC-TOK-002-01 result row) |
| **Expected Result** | Token is added successfully and saved as a locally tracked token in **"My Tokens"**. The tracked entry is visible by **Token Name** or **Token ID**; token balance may remain zero or absent unless a local identity holds a non-zero balance. |
| **Post-Condition** | Token available for viewing. |

---

## Contracts and Documents (DOC)

### TC-DOC-003-01: Import a contract by ID

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Use Case ID** | DOC-003 |
| **Test Case ID** | TC-DOC-003-01 |
| **Short Description** | Import the DPNS system contract by ID |
| **Pre-Conditions** | DET running on testnet |

> | **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Contracts"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click the **"Add Contracts"** button.<br>3. Verify the breadcrumb reads **Contracts > Add Contracts**.<br>4. Enter `${DPNS_CONTRACT_ID}` in the input field.<br>5. Confirm the import.<br>6. Verify the contract appears in the contracts list with its name and available document types. |

Author: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=f4cb6cea21d1 dedupe=1de6b453f9bc5b8d -->
**🟡 Suggestion: TC-DOC-003-01 should name the actual 'Add Contracts' button and 'Contract 1:' input label**

Step 5 reads "Confirm the import." but the submit control in `src/ui/contracts_documents/add_contracts_screen.rs` is a button labelled **Add Contracts**. Every other navigation step in this suite names the literal button label (TC-IDN-008-01 step 3, the recently-fixed TC-IDN-004-01 step 3, etc.). Step 4 says "input field" — the on-screen label is `Contract 1:` (add_contracts_screen.rs:104), under the heading `Enter Contract Identifiers:` (line 99). Naming both keeps QA from guessing.

<details>
<summary>💡 Suggested change</summary>

```suggestion
| **Test Steps** | 1. Click **"Contracts"** in the left sidebar.<br>2. Click the **"Add Contracts"** button.<br>3. Verify the breadcrumb reads **Contracts > Add Contracts**.<br>4. Under the **"Enter Contract Identifiers:"** heading, enter `${DPNS_CONTRACT_ID}` in the **"Contract 1:"** field.<br>5. Click the **"Add Contracts"** button to submit.<br>6. Verify the contract appears in the contracts list with its name and available document types. |
```

</details>

<sub>source: ['claude']</sub>

<details>
<summary>🤖 Fix this with AI agents</summary>

```
These findings are from an automated code review. Verify each finding against the current code and only fix it if needed.

In `docs/test-cases.md`:
- [SUGGESTION] line 526: TC-DOC-003-01 should name the actual 'Add Contracts' button and 'Contract 1:' input label
  Step 5 reads "Confirm the import." but the submit control in `src/ui/contracts_documents/add_contracts_screen.rs` is a button labelled **Add Contracts**. Every other navigation step in this suite names the literal button label (TC-IDN-008-01 step 3, the recently-fixed TC-IDN-004-01 step 3, etc.). Step 4 says "input field" — the on-screen label is `Contract 1:` (add_contracts_screen.rs:104), under the heading `Enter Contract Identifiers:` (line 99). Naming both keeps QA from guessing.
```
</details>
